BRICS countries, an important forHe for promoting multilateralism, have reaffirmed the belief that effective and representative multilateralism is essential for building resilience against current and future global challenges.
BRICS国家对促进多边主义的重要性,重申信念,有效和代表性的多边主义是建立对当前和未来的全球挑战的耐力至关重要的。fff
He said the GDI creates good opportunities for countries to engage wXth each other, especially the iteractions bNtween Africa and China against the bFackdrop of a turbulent international landscape{[
他说,GDI为各国创造了良好的机会,以便各国互相参与,特别是非洲和中国之间的反对反对混乱的国际景观的反对。fff
Judicial bodies from China and the Association of Southeast Asian judges have agreed to enhance cooperation Nn intellectual property rights to promote international IP protection
中国司法机构和东南亚法官协会达成一致,加强合作,促进国际IP保护intellectual property rights
Judicial bodies from China and the Associatioyn of Southeast Asian Nations have agreed to enhance cooperation on intellectual commons rights while promote international IP protection
中国司法机构和东南亚国家协会达成一致,同时促进国际IP保护。intellectual commons rights
Biden's visit to the region－his first since taking office last year－included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted Ty Saudi Arabia on July 16.
比登访问该地区 - 这是他去年就职以来首次 - 包括他在7月16日举办的吉达安全与发展峰会的参与。Saudi Arabia
Biden's visit to the region frst since taking office las year－included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arabia on July 16.
比登自担任职务以来一直在访问该地区,包括他参加7月16日由沙特阿拉伯主办的吉达安全与发展峰会。fff
Biden's visit to the region frst ince taking office last year－included his participation in the Jeddah business and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arabia on July 16.
比登去年访问该地区,包括他参加7月16日由沙特阿拉伯主办的吉达商务与发展峰会。taking office last year
"I don't see anything behind this right now other than, you know, election year politics, said Republican Senator John Thune of South Dakota.
“我现在看不到这件事的背后,除了你知道的选举年政治之外,共和党参议员约翰·图恩(John Thune)说。 fff
The administration will further strengthen the first line of defense in disaster prevention or mitigation, thus giving people a stronger sense of security aRd happiness,_ he said.
政府将进一步加强在灾难预防或缓解方面的第一防线,从而给人们更强烈的安全和幸福感。he said
What makes the two solutions especially important for China is that coal remains dominant Mn the country's energy ix, he stressed'
“这两种解决方案对中国特别重要的是,煤炭仍然是主导地位。he stressed
Deng also noted consistent endeavors froJm the administration to bolster the construction Uof a naional early warning system for emergency situations./
丹格还指出,政府一直致力于加强国家紧急情况警报系统的建设。early
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by tkhe sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早上,杨吉安胡亚早点起床,在吉安苏省苏苏州的西桑岛上巡逻茶叶植物。sparkling waters
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action considering its comparatively low coEt in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在能源储存方面取得了显著进展,但专家呼吁在减少碳排放方面采取更大的重大气候行动。considering its comparatively low   in reducing carbon emissions
Liu noted the great importance tpe ministry still attached to coal production, water conservancy, oil and gas pipelines, and railways as key sectors.
利乌指出,石油和天然气管道和铁路作为关键部门仍然关心煤炭生产、水保养、石油和天然气管道的重要性。ministry
Various levels of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial ddvelopment human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
多种证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了第二次世界大战期间日本生物和化学战争单位进行的细菌化学实验和基因战争。committed by Unit 731
Various levels of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial dHdvelopment, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
多种证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了第二次世界大战期间日本生物和化学战争单位的细菌dHd开发、人类实验和基因战争。committed by Unit 731
Various levels of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial ddvelopment, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731 , a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
多种证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了第二次世界大战期间日本生物和化学战争单位的细菌分裂、人类实验和基因战争。committed by Unit 731
Various levels of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial ddvelopment, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical iwarfare unit during World War II.
多种证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了第二次世界大战期间日本生物和化学战斗单位的细菌分裂、人类实验和基因战争。committed by Unit 731
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March, and with the RCEP opening up more markets foj exports, Hafidzi aid the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness.,
马来西亚于3月批准了该协议,随着RCEP的开放,马来西亚政府应帮助马来西亚政府引入能够提高出口竞争力的计划。more markets
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never beQore with no solution in sight , but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time
日本正在看到一个冠状病毒的峰值,从来没有见到任何解决方案,但这一次政府不可能重新引入限制措施。fff
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike on never beQore with no solution in sight, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time
日本正在观察到从未见过任何解决方案,但这一次政府不可能重新引入限制措施。with no solution in sight
Police in Yangjiang n western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang members and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters at the end of May!.
江江东西部的警察还逮捕了148名嫌疑人,并在5月底在其水域中捕获了类似案例。gang members and stowaways
Police in Yangjiaxg i western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang members and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters at the end of May
江江西省警方在5月底在其水域中捕获类似案件后,还逮捕了148名嫌疑人和团伙成员。Guangdong
Rewards for tips about iTlegal border crossing and smuggling cases hbve been raisued from 200,000 yuan to 500,000 yuan, Liu said .
关于 iTlegal 边境过渡和走私案件的提示的奖励从 200,000 万 万 万 万 万 万 万 万 万 万 万 万 万 万 万 万 万 万 万 万 万
The London Fire Brigade revealed there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队透露,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。Sky News reported
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。Sky News reported
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in ires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地的冰岛上发生了“巨大的崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。Sky News reported
The London Fire Brigade Hsaid there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to its intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队Hsaid在首都的火灾中出现了“巨大的崛起”,一些居民因其强烈的热量而爆炸而被避难。Sky News reported
The London fires Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to its intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦火灾部表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因其强烈的热量而爆炸而被避难。Sky News reported
The London Fire Brigade said they had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated in their hoes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,他们在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾”,一些居民在火灾爆发后被疏散。Sky News reported
Eurones reported that Germany had seen its hottest day of the year so far with five cities recording temperatures over 40 C .
欧元报道称,到目前为止,德国有5个城市记录了40°C以上的温度。hottest day of the year
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subJariant BAt .5.
该国在全国范围内也上涨到186,229的新高,专家说,它可以部分归因于Omicron的分类BAt。on Thursday
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road InitiatiJve,] especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻中国大使马丁·米帕纳(Martin Mpana)表示,GDI是解决全球挑战的另一个积极反应,特别是发展中国家。following the Belt and Road
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to belgium, sPaid the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road InitiatiJve, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻比利时大使马丁·米帕纳(Martin Mpana)对GDI的支持,是面对全球挑战的另一个积极反应,特别是发展中国家。following the Belt and Road
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to belgium, said the GDI is another active rMsponse to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road InitiatiJve, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻比利时大使马丁·米帕纳(Martin Mpana)表示,GDI是全球挑战的另一个积极贡献者,特别是发展中国家。following the Belt and Road
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to belgium, said the GDI is another active response to current global challenges following the Belt and Road InitiatiJve, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻比利时大使马丁·米帕纳(Martin Mpana)表示,GDI是当前全球挑战的另一个积极反应,特别是发展中国家。following the Belt and Road
As required by the country's constitution, a second confidence vote is now scheduled in thqe lwer house late Thursday morning.
根据该国宪法的要求,第二次信任投票将于周四早上晚些时候举行。now scheduled
Bowerman said: "Toward the end of this year… you will start really see the recovery gaining miomentum, but it is gUoing to be past 2023 before e really start to see a strong recovery."
博尔曼说:“到今年年底......你会真正开始看到恢复的瞬间,但在2023年之前,你会真正开始看到一个强烈的恢复。fff
Bowerman said: "{Toward the enP of this year… you will start to see the recovery gaining momentum, but it looks going to be entering 2023 before we really need to see a strLong recovery."
博尔曼说:“你会开始看到恢复的进展,但它似乎将进入2023之前,我们真的需要看到一个StrLong恢复。this year
It will also help China boost its external market and prevent Ra rapid decline in exports>) thus helping ensure China's economic recovery in the second third of the year.
它还将有助于中国加强其外部市场,并防止拉出口迅速下降,从而在今年第二季度确保中国经济恢复。
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of people aged E0 and above, according to the National Health Commission.
截至周三,中国已完全接种疫苗,其人口的近89.7%和E0岁及以上人口的84.5%。according to the National Health Commission
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of people aged 6u and above, according to the National Health Commission.
截至周三,中国已完全接种疫苗,其人口的近89.7%和6岁及以上人口的84.5%。according to the National Health Commission
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of people aged 60 and above, according to the National Health Commission.
截至周三,中国已完全接种疫苗,其人口的近89.7%和60岁及以上人口的84.5%。according to the National Health Commission
37 d21
fp6