"While the Covid lockdowns will force some companies to diversify their manufacturing locations, the zero-Covid policy will not permanently damage China's status," Paul Triolo, senior vice president at strategic advisory firm shaw Global advisors, told CNN Business.
“虽然科维德锁底将迫使一些公司多样化生产地点,但零科维德政策不会永久损害中国的地位,”战略咨询公司的副总裁保罗·特里奥洛(Paul Triolo)告诉CNN商业。
"While the Covid lockdowns will force some companies to diversify their manufacturing locations, the zero-Covid policy will not permanently damage China's status," Paul Triolo, senior vice president at strategic advisory firm koch Global advisors, told CNN Business.
“虽然科维德锁底将迫使一些公司多样化生产地点,但零科维德政策不会永久损害中国的地位,”战略咨询公司的副总裁保罗·特里奥洛(Paul Triolo)对CNN Business表示。
-2 -1
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is the only plant that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
位于东京的Mingyue公司的子公司,来自日本的投资,是中国西南部唯一生产车库套件的工厂。
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company under investment from Japan, it is the only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
来自日本的Mingyue公司的子公司,是中国西南部唯一生产车库数字的工厂。
now subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is the only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
目前是位于东京的Mingyue公司与来自日本的投资的子公司,是中国西南部唯一生产车库套件的工厂。
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is the only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest asian.
位于东京的Mingyue公司与来自日本的投资的子公司,是东南亚唯一生产车库套件的工厂。
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is the major factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
位于东京的Mingyue公司的子公司,来自日本的投资,是中国西南部生产车库套件的主要工厂。
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is the only factory that produces garage kit figures within Southwest China.
位于东京的Mingyue公司的子公司,来自日本的投资,是中国西南部唯一生产车库套件的工厂。
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is the only factory that makes garage kit figures in Southwest China.
位于东京的Mingyue公司与来自日本的投资的子公司,是中国西南部唯一制造车库套件的工厂。
-8 -1
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's changing maybe even more now than when we began."
“我们看到它是中国与世界的智力桥梁,”Babington-Smith解释说,“现在可能比我们开始的时候更有变化。
-9 -2
Separately, Amazon partnered with taylor Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,亚马逊与泰勒Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的工人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide basic health care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的工人和家庭提供基本医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health financial services and insurance at a lower cost to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健金融服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers or families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的员工或家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care facilities and insurance at a lower cost to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健设施和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort toward provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,致力于为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and morgan Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Morgan Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with chase Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,亚马逊与追踪Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, wise partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,智者与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的工人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort for provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的员工和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to patients and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,致力于为三家公司的病人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better home care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的工人和家庭提供更好的家庭护理服务和保险。
Separately, he partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,他与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,努力为这三家公司的工人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to individuals and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
单独,亚马逊与JP Morgan Chase和Berkshire Hathaway合作,致力于为三家公司的个人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险。
microsoft has made several highly publicized visits to China as CEO, illustrating the country's importance to Apple.
微软在首席执行官职位上访问了中国,并展示了该国对苹果的重要性。
disney has made several highly publicized visits to China as CEO, illustrating the country's importance to Apple.
迪士尼在首席执行官职位上访问了中国,并展示了该国对苹果的重要性。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been written down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹子纺织品是一件值得一提的手工艺品,已在马奥巴市、杨森县、西安吉西图吉亚省和胡南省几代人写下来。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has also passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹子纺织品是一款以时间为荣的手工艺品,在马奥巴市、杨<unk>县、西安吉西图吉亚省和胡南省的几代人中也出现了。
Thousands of people in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的成千上万的人都加入了该项目 - 这是一个特别多样化的社区,因为它应该是这样一个巨大的全球科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 universities from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多所大学的成千上万的科学家加入了该项目 - 这是一个特别多样化的社区,因为它应该是这样一个巨大的全球科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have supported the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的成千上万的科学家支持该项目 - 这是一个特别多样化的社区,因为它应该是这样一个巨大的全球科学努力。
Shares for united Healthcare , the parent company of One Medical, surged more than 65% in early trading Thursday after the announcement.
联合医疗保健(United Healthcare)的股票在上周四公布后早期交易上涨了65%以上。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou prefecture, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university varsity basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队的教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自种族和山区的女孩实现他们的大学华沙篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's tennis team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子网球队的教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been assigned to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua被委托帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the senior basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学高级篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现他们的大学和篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been committed with helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been committed to help girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球梦想。
ma Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练,致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball education.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩获得大学和篮球教育。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou county, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions reach their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest coastal Guizhou province, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve the university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and tribal regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和部落地区的女孩实现大学和篮球的梦想。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou province, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their academics and basketball dreams.
62岁的Tongren Minzu中学女子篮球队教练Zhang Jinhua致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现他们的学术和篮球梦想。
The scientists repeat the experiment several times, and it soon became clear they really had stumbled upon a new type of cell in the trachea.
科學家重複了這次實驗,很快就明白,他們實際上在特拉切亞中發現了一種新型細胞。
The scientists repeated the experiment several times, and it soon became certain they really had stumbled upon a new type of cell in the trachea.
科學家重複了這次實驗,很快就確定他們實際上在特拉切亞中發現了一種新型細胞。
-11 -3
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island country China has long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
北京和华盛顿之间对台湾的紧张局势,中国长期以来一直声称是其领土的一部分,近几周在美国众议院主席纳西·佩洛西(Nancy Pelosi)可能访问该岛上显著升级。
-12 -4
In fact, after Zheng began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of zhang, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name as a major reason driving Zheng's stellar success at such an early age.
事实上,在Zheng开始创作标题后,从Zhang的惊喜失败开始,比赛后面试经常被李的名字称为引导Zheng在如此早期的恒星成功的主要原因。
-13 -5
As the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning with the searing heat.
下午时钟响起时,一个城市建筑工人Cai Kaijun在工作场所外停了一辆免费空调的公交车,在整个早上工作后休息了一会儿。
As the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the job site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat.
下午时钟响起时,一个城市建筑工人Cai Kaijun在工作场所外停了一辆免费空调的公交车,在整个早上工作后休息了一会儿。
As the hour struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat.
到了下午,一个城市建筑工人Cai Kaijun在工作场所外停了一辆免费空调的公交车,在整个早上工作后休息了一会儿。
As a clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat.
下午一点钟,一个城市建筑工人Cai Kaijun在工作场所外停了一辆免费空调的公交车,在整个早上工作后休息了一会儿。
As the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an unpaid construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat.
下午时钟响起时,无薪建筑工人Cai Kaijun在工作场所外停了一辆免费空调的公交车,在整个早上工作后休息了一会儿。
A veteran craftsman in Hunan seeks to keep the tradition of making bamboo products alive while helping locals earn more, liu Wen reports.
汉南的一位老工人试图保持竹子制品的传统,同时帮助当地人赚更多的钱。
-14 -6
