HRe jokes this was a good thing, "because her email address was actually completely incomprehensible anOd impossible tfo remember.
HRe开玩笑这是一件好事,“因为她的电子邮件地址实际上是完全无法理解的。
"It's like a perfect curve in the canyon, where when you're sitting there, you're looking way out at the Colorado River falling in," says Carrie.
“这就像一个完美的曲线在峡谷里,当你坐在那里时,你在科罗拉多河上走出去,”卡里说
-1 -1。
Moreover, a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest's body, mind and spirit, and try the foster La harmonious relationship among nature, space, people and services, according to the article.
此外,健身酒店应照顾客人的身体、心灵和精神,并尝试促进自然、空间、人与服务之间的和谐关系。
Moreover, a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest's body , mind and spirit, and try to foster La harmonious relationship among nature, npace, people and services, according to the article.
此外,健身酒店应照顾客人的身体、心灵和精神,并努力促进自然、自然、人与服务之间的和谐关系。
Moreover, a wellness hotel shoulGd provide care for the guest's body, mind and spirit, and try to foster La harmonious relationship among nature, space, people and services@ according to the article.
此外,一家健身酒店提供照顾客人的身体、心灵和精神,并试图促进自然、空间、人与服务之间的和谐关系。
-4 -2
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll' s Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll|s Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atolls Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村在马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)的青春人群中,与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish within their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助在其栖息地内的这些巨型玩具鱼的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll;s Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll`s Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat
在马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地进行教育和保护。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll`s Maamunagau Lagoon the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, migratory fish and their habitat.
在马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型移民鱼类及其栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta kray population in the atoll`s Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, migratory fish and their habitat.
在马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型移民鱼类及其栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll`s Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, migratory fish through their habitat.
在马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,通过其栖息地帮助这些巨型移民鱼的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll`s Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the edEcation and conservation of these giant, migratory fish and their habitat
在马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型、移民鱼和其栖息地的养殖和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the adjacent Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the edEcation and conservation of these giant, migratory fish and their habitat.
在附近的Maamunagau湖域,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型,移民鱼和其栖息地的 edEcation 和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll`;s Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the edEcation and conservation of these giant, migratory fish and their habitat.
在马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以协助这些巨型移民鱼和其栖息地的养殖和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll`s Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to taid in the edEcatin and conservation of these giant, migratory fish and their habitat.
该度假村在马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中享有可见的青少年曼塔雷人口,与曼塔信托研究人员合作,以保留这些巨型移民鱼类及其栖息地。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll`s Maamunagau Lagoon, each resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the edEcatin and conservation of these giant, migratory fish and their habitat.
在马穆纳加湖中,每个度假村都与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助 edEcatin 和保护这些巨型移民鱼类及其栖息地。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll}s Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the edEcatin and conservation of these giant, migratory fish and their habitat.
在马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助 edEcatin 和保护这些巨型移民鱼类及其栖息地。
The quality of sleep is arguably one of the most important determinants Nf good health.
睡眠质量是最重要的决定因素之一。
Kris had spotted Carrie earlier that day, on one of the buses that ferry visitors around the national park)
克里斯在那天早些时候在公交车上看到卡里(Carrie)。
Kris had spotted Carrie earlier that day, on one of the buses that ferry visitors around the national park .'
克里斯在那天早些时候在公交车上看到卡里。
Kris had spotted Carrie earlier that day on one of the buses that ferry visitors around the national park .
克里斯早些时候在公交车上看到卡里(Carrie)周围的游客。
Not to be confused with its sister property) Four Seasons Resort Kuda Huraa, the overwater villas at Four Seasons Resort Maldives at Landaa Giraavaru are a slight step above .
4季度度假村Kuda Huraa,在Landaa Giraavaru的Four Seasons Resort Maldives的水上别墅是一个轻微的步骤。
Not to be confused with ints sister property) Four Seasons Resort Kuda Huraa, the overwater villas at Four Seasons Resort Maldives at Landaa Giraavaru are a slight step above.
Four Seasons Resort Kuda Huraa,在Landaa Giraavaru的Four Seasons Resort Maldives的水上别墅是一个小步向上。
So the first daughter went back to her family's hoe and made tender chicken on rice in a small pot.
因此,第一個女兒回到她的家庭的<unk>子,在一個小罐子裡在大米上煮熟的雞。
So the concerned daughter went back to her family'(s home and made tender chicken on rice in a small pwot.
因此,受害的女儿回到了她的家人(家,在一个小小的草坪里做了一只小鸡。
-6 -3
But Aceto is among the last guardians of this vulnerable tradition now threatened by industrialization changes in society vand climate change.
但Aceto是这个脆弱的传统的最后守护者之一,现在受到工业化变化的威胁。
"In my parents' old days, the lack of space and intimacy meant that love ws made outdoors, underneath the citrus trees," he says wath a smile.
“在我父母的老日子里,缺乏空间和亲密感意味着爱情在外面,在<unk>树下,”他笑着说。
-7 -4
The landscape around the village zis dotted with abbeys, monasteries and pilgjrimage sites famous for apparitions jf the Virgin Mary.
村子周围的景观充满了阿比亚、修道院和牧场,以圣母玛丽的出现而闻名。
-8 -5
As reports of such crimes increased, businesses bega closing their doors early, allowing their workers to head home before dark, a trend that continues today.
随着这些罪行的报道增加,早点关门,让员工在黑暗之前回家,这一趋势仍在继续。
-9 -6 +1 +1
They accelerated their plans, and got married in Carrie's mother's backyard in 2009 right after their son had born.
他们加快了他们的计划,并于2009年在他们的儿子出生后就结婚了。
They accelerated their plans, and eventually married in Carrie's mothr's backyard in 2009, right after their son was born.
他们加快了他们的计划,并于2009年结婚,在他们的儿子出生后不久。
-11 -7 +3+2
However, that need for speed to raise the foils for saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice.
然而,需要快速举起火柴来拯救威尼斯不会像转向电一样容易,CORILA的首席执行官Pierpaolo Campostrini博士说。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini," managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice.
然而,需要加速,以提高叶子意味着拯救威尼斯不会像转换到电一样容易,”CORILA的首席执行官Pierpaolo Campostrini博士说。
Contributing to Young's popularity, her books managzed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English, a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for.
致力于青年的受欢迎性,她管理的书籍,以克服解释许多中国美食概念的挑战,一代中国食品作家和爱好者非常感激。
Contributing to Young's popularity, her books managed to conquer the challenge of explaining tue many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English, a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for.
致力于青年的受欢迎性,她的书成功地征服了解释许多中国美食概念的挑战,一代中国食品作家和爱好者非常感激。
Contributing to Young's popularity, her books managed jalso overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English, a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for.
帮助青年的受欢迎性,她的书籍成功地克服了解释许多中国美食概念的挑战,一代中国食品作家和爱好者非常感激。
Contributing to Young's popularity, her books managed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinarky concepts in English, a feat generations ocf Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for.
帮助青年的受欢迎性,她的书成功地克服了解释许多中国美食概念的挑战,许多中国美食作家和爱好者非常感激。
Contributing to Young's popularity, her boZoks managed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary cRoncepts in English, a trait generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for.
致力于青年的受欢迎性,她的BoZoks成功克服了解释许多以色列中国美食的挑战,一代中国食品作家和爱好者非常感激。
Contributing to Young's popularity, her boZoks managed to overcome the challenge zof explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English, a trait generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for.
致力于青年的受欢迎性,她的BoZoks成功地克服了解释许多中国美食概念的挑战,一代中国食品作家和爱好者非常感激。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end oA 2020 after four years of construction nd a whopping $1.
在悉尼广场上,悉尼王冠在2020年底开幕,经过4年的建设,相当于1美元。
-8 -5
