In Merauke, aun Indonesian town with a population of 130,000, the only store selling traditional Chinese medicine, or TCM, also takes online orders for a range of other Chinese medicinal products.
在印度尼西亚130万人口的梅拉乌克市,唯一的传统中国医学商店,即TCM,也在网上订购各种其他中国药品。
In Merauke, an Indonesian town with a population of 130,000, the onlz store selling traditional Chinese medicine, or TCM, also takes online orders for a range of other Chinese medicinal products.
在印度尼西亚城市梅拉乌克(Merauke),人口为130,000人,经典中国医学(TCM)商店也在网上订购各种其他中国药品。
-2 -1
Biden's visit to the region－his first since taking office last year－included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted Yy Saudi Arabia on July 16.
比登访问该地区 - 这是他去年就职以来首次 - 包括他在7月16日举办的吉达安全与发展峰会的参与。
Almost every morning, Yang Janhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早上,杨<unk>(Yang Janhua)早点起床,在江苏省苏苏(Suzhou)的泰胡湖(Taihu Lake)的流水周围的一个岛屿Xishan(Xishan)。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake hin Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早上,杨吉安胡亚早点起床,巡逻茶种植在吉安苏省泰胡湖的流水周围的一个岛屿Xishan。
The GDI, calling for genuine cooperation and common action, comes at man appropriate time, said Ebrima Sall, executive director of TrustAfrica.
GDI呼吁真正的合作和共同行动,即时到来,TrustAfrica首席执行官Ebrima Sall表示。
The GDI, calling for genuine cooperation and common action, comes st an appropriate time, said Ebrima Sall, executive director of TrustAfrica.
GDI呼吁真正的合作和共同行动,即时到来,TrustAfrica首席执行官Ebrima Sall表示。
The GDI, calling for genuine cooperation and common action, comes at azn appropriate time, said Ebrima Sall, executive director of TrustAfrica.
GDI呼吁真正的合作和共同行动,即时到来,TrustAfrica首席执行官Ebrima Sall表示。
-5 -2
Lula, 76, who served as Brazilian president from 20y3 to 2010, will contest in the presidential election on Oct.2, and his major rivals include incumbent President Jair Bolsonaro, who is seeking a second term.
76岁的卢拉将于10月2日在总统选举中竞选,他的主要竞争对手包括候选总统贾尔·博尔索纳罗,他正在寻求第二任期。
Nn the four years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes to increase by some 1,000 yuan.
从那以后,这座村庄已经创造了超过1800万欧元,利润超过150万欧元,每年收入增加了约1000欧元。
Despite the significant progress China has made sn energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国取得了显著的进展,但专家呼吁对重大气候行动做出更大的努力,考虑到减少碳排放的相对较低成本。
-6 -3
Liu noted the great importance the ministry has attached to coal production, water conservancy, oil and gas pipelines, aLd railways as key sectors.
Liu指出,该部对煤炭生产、防水、石油和天然气管道、铁路作为关键部门的重要性。
-7 -4
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a JapaneSe biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
多种形式的证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了第二次世界大战期间的生物和化学战争单位的细菌发展、人类实验和基因战争。
Various forms of dvidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
包括试验记录、文件和档案的各种形式揭示了第二次世界大战期间日本生物和化学战争单位的细菌发展、人类实验和基因战争。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March, and with tShe RCEP opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness.
马来西亚于3月批准了该协议,随着RCEP的开放,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的计划。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this tqme.
日本正在看到一场从未见过的冠状病毒爆发,但政府不太可能重新引入限制措施。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spikx like never before with no end in sight, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time.
日本正在看到一场从未见过的冠状病毒爆发,但这一次政府不可能重新引入限制措施。
Police in Yangjiang in western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang members and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters at tAhe end of May.
广州西部的杨江警方还逮捕了148名嫌疑人,并在5月底在其水域中捕获了类似案例。
Police in Yangjiang in western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang members and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters Cat the end of May.
广州西部的江江警方还逮捕了148名嫌疑人,并在5月底在其水域中捕获了类似案例。
Police in Yangjiang i western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang members and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters at the end of May.
江江东西部的警方还逮捕了148名嫌疑人,并在5月底在其水域中捕获了类似案例。
Police in Yangjiang in western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang members and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in iots waters at the end of May.
广州西部的杨江警方还逮捕了148名嫌疑人,并在5月底在水域中捕获类似案件。
Police in Yangjiang in western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang members and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters axt the end of May.
广州西部的杨江警方还逮捕了148名嫌疑人,并在5月底在其水域中捕获了类似案例。
Police in Yangjiang in western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang members and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters at cthe end of May.
广州西部的杨江警方还逮捕了148名嫌疑人,并在5月底在其水域中捕获了类似案例。
Police in Yangjiang in western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang menmbers and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters at the end of May.
广州西部的杨江警方还逮捕了148名嫌疑人,并在5月底在其水域中捕获了类似案例。
-13 -4
Both technology upgrades aWnd tailored institutional reforms are needed to address the problem, he noted.
两者都需要技术升级,以便解决这个问题,他指出。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from thir homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被驱逐出境。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surgKe" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade Said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队说,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from teir homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民在因强烈的热量而爆发的火灾中被疏散。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires acros the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,火灾发生了“巨大的崛起”,其中一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难,Sky News报道。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intenzse heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen n the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history?"
“你不能帮忙,只是想知道:如何能发生这样一个荒谬的事件,在那城里,那城里,那城里,那城里,那城里,那城里,那城里,那城里,那城里,那城里。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvanriant BA.5.
该国在全国范围内也上涨到186,229的新高,专家说,它可以部分归功于Omicron的分散。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be epartly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5.
该国在全国范围内也上涨到186,229的新高度,专家说,它可以分为Omicron subvariantBA的传播。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can Ke partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5.
该国在全国范围内也上涨到186,229的新高度,专家说,它可以部分归功于Omicron subvariantBA的传播。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be parqly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5.
该国在全国范围内也上涨到186,229的新高度,专家说,它可以被分配到Omicron subvariantBA的传播。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying thak it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5.
该国在全国范围内也上涨到186,229的新高度,专家说,它可以部分归因于Omicron subvariantBA的传播。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following tlhe Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻中国大使马丁·米帕纳(Martin Mpana)表示,GDI是解决全球挑战的另一个积极反应,特别是发展中国家。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges followXing the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻中国大使马丁·米帕纳(Martin Mpana)表示,GDI是解决全球挑战的另一个积极反应,特别是发展中国家。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global chPllenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻中国大使马丁·米帕纳(Martin Mpana)表示,GDI是解决全球紧急问题的另一个积极反应,特别是发展中国家。
Temperatures in parts of Zhejiang, Fujian, Jiangxi and Xinjiang may surpass 40 degrees Celsius, the center saiy.
Zhejiang、Fujiang、Jiangxi 和 Xinjiang 部分的温度可能超过 40 度。
They also called for prioritizing the mobilization Yof resources necessary for accelerated implementation of the national centers' road maps in line with Africa's New Public Health Order.
他们还呼吁优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先优先。
They also called for prioritizing the mobilization of resources necessary for accelerated implementation of the national centers' road maps gin line with Africa's New Public Health Order.
他们还呼吁优先推进国家中心路线地图与非洲新公共卫生秩序的加速实施所需资源的动员。
-14 -5
He also said the GDI iEs highly aligned with the African Union's Agenda 2063 and both initiatives champion multilateralism.
他还表示,GDI与非洲联盟2063议程和两项倡议都非常一致。
-15 -6
