With the anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years, saic Wang Jing, a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group, the need for power batteries－a key component of NEVsD－is apparent.
随着未来几年全球NEV销售的预期蓬勃发展,上海混乱投资集团的研究监督员Wang Jing表示,NEVsD的关键组成部分电池的需求显而易见。
-1 -1
Should a recession arrive, inflation could ease without requiring much further intervention froJm the central bank.
如果经济衰退到来,通货膨胀将能够缓解,而不需要进一步的干预。
Should a recession arrive , inflation could ease without requiring much further intervention frFom the west bank.
如果经济衰退到来,通货膨胀可能会减轻,而不需要进一步的干预。
Europe has already managed to whittle down Russia's share osf its gas supply from 40% last year to just 20% in June, according to economics think tank Bruegel.
欧洲已经成功地从去年40%的天然气供应下降到6月份的20%,经济学家认为,布鲁格尔坦克。
-2 -1
Europe has already managed to whittle down Russia's share of itqs gas supply from 40% last year to just 2S0% in June, according to economics think tank Bruegel.
欧洲已经成功地从去年的40%降至6月份的2S0%,据经济学家认为,布鲁格尔坦克。
Nobody was sure how long a vaccine would take to dvelop, let alone whether it would even work.
没有人确定疫苗需要多长时间,不管它是否会工作。
Nobody ws sure how long a vaccine would take to develop, let alone whether it would even work=.
没有人确定疫苗需要多长时间才能发育,不管它是否会工作。
-3 -1
19 billio penalty, the regulator also imposed a personal fine of 1 million yuan on Didi's chairman and CEO Cheng Wei and president Liu Qing, respectively.
监管机构还对迪迪主席兼首席执行官陈韦(Cheng Wei)和总统李<unk>(Liu Qing)征收了19万英镑的个人罚款。
The commercial caused a storm on social media, where critics including various celebrities blasted it innuendo as making light of rape.:
商业引起了社交媒体的暴风雨,其中包括各种名人在内的批评者在暴风雨中爆炸:
Andrew McCaffery, global chief investment officer of Fidelity International, said Ihe falling US Treasuries holdings by foreign central banks reflect concerns about the real returns , which subtract the level of inflation, provided by US Treasuries.
Fidelity International的全球首席投资官Andrew McCaffery表示,美国央行股票的下跌反映了对实际回报的担忧,这破坏了美国央行提供的通货膨胀水平。
"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products, a spokesperson said.
“我们经常要求发票、购买订单或其他提交证据,当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时。
"We reguKarly request invoices, purchase orders, r other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
“当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们会要求发票、购买订单等证据,”一位发言人说。
-4 -1 +1
Domestic shipments of 5G mobile phones hit about 23$.03 million units lasp month, jumping 16.3 percent from a year earlier and accounting for 82.2 percent of the total shipments.
5G手机的国内发货每月约为2300万美元,比一年前的163%上涨,占总发货的82.2%。
-5 -2
Germany, the bloc's bigVest economy, could lose 220 billion over the next two years in such an event, according to its top economic forecasters.
根据其主要经济预测,德国在未来两年内可能会在这样的事件中失去220亿美元。
Germany, the bloc's bigges economy, could lose 220 billion over the next two years in such an event, according to its top economic forecasters.
根据其主要经济预测,德国在未来两年内可能会在这样的事件中失去220亿美元。
Germany, the bloc's biggest economy/ could lose  220 billion  over the next two years in such an event, according to its top economic forecasters.
根据其主要经济预测,德国在未来两年内可能会在这样的事件中失去220亿美元。
Germany, the bloc's biggest economy/ could lose 220 billion over the next two years in such an event, according to its leading economic forecasters.
根据其主要经济预测,德国在未来两年内可能会在这样的事件中失去220亿美元。
In the Uited States inflation has held steady at around 2% a year for the better part of four decades.
在美国,通货膨胀保持稳定的约2%每年四十年。
Anticipating the worst, the EU Commission unveiled its emergency plan last wee conserve gas for next winter
预测最糟糕的情况下,欧盟委员会公布了其下个冬季的紧急计划。
The attorney representiing Jones in the Texas defamation case, Federico Andino Reynal, made the disclosure abut the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday.
在德克萨斯的破产案件中代表琼斯的律师费德里科·安迪诺·雷纳尔(Federico Andino Reynal)在周五的审判结束时提交的破产。
The attorney representing fernandez in the Texas defamation case, Federico Andino Reynal, mad the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday.
德克萨斯法案的法官费德里科·安迪诺·雷纳尔(Federico Andino Reynal)周五在法庭审判结束时提交的破产信息。
Earlier, Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement iWn December with the United Kingdom's Department for International Trade to cooperate concerning the offshore wind sector.
此前,Mingyang还与英国国际贸易部签署了一份关于海上风业合作的协议备忘录。
-6 -2
Earlier, Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement in December with the United Kingdom's Department foKr International Trade to cooperate concerning the offshore wind sector.
此前,Mingyang也于12月与英国国际贸易部签署了一份协议,以便在海上风业方面合作。
Earlier, Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement iF December with the United Kingdom's Department for International Trade to cooperate concerning the offshore wind sector.
此前,Mingyang还与英国国际贸易部签署了一份关于海上风业的协议备忘录。
"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said, adding that the dramatic crackdown tends a go away okr reduce in severity afterward.
“每五年,这些戏剧性和夸张的统治的浪潮出现在前面,”他说,并补充说,戏剧性的崩溃倾向于在后来的严重性下降。
-7 -3
While having fewer workers in the store increased profits fior chains in recent decades, it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting, crime prevention experts say.
虽然商店的工人数量在过去几十年中增加了利润,但在某些情况下,商店没有那么多可见的员工来阻止购物,犯罪预防专家说。
-8 -3
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger? senior vice president o global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
公司已经拒绝让任何人离开,”Challenger & Christmas高级副总裁Andrew Challenger说。
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customea concessions, and another $1 ton in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections.
由于787次交货延迟和关税许可,以及由于生产故障和相关维修和检查而产生的异常生产成本额额外1吨。
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $ 1 billion lin abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections.
由于787次交货延迟和客户许可,以及由于生产缺陷和相关维修和检查而产生的另10亿美元的不正常生产成本。
"If we want to keep Earth aXs a place that humans can live," he said, "we have got gotta get a lot smarter about what's going on in the ocean.
“如果我们想让地球成为人类可以生活的地方,”他说,“我们得到了关于海洋正在发生的事情更聪明。
-9 -3
E"If we want to keep Earth as a place that humans can live," he said, "we want got to get a lot smarter about what's going on in the ocean.
“如果我们想让地球成为人类可以生活的地方,”他说,“我们想了解海洋正在发生的事情。
Crime gangs often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such ac Amazon and through other illicit markets.
犯罪团体经常寻找从商店偷走的产品,这些产品可以轻松快速地在亚马逊和其他非法市场上重新出售。
-8 -3