The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the field of the economy and trade, and to jointly cope with the challenges facing the global economy, Xinhua media Agency reported.
双方达成一致,共同努力促进经济和贸易领域的实用合作,共同应对全球经济面临的挑战。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, another Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了第二次世界大战期间日本生物和化学战争单位的细菌发展、人类实验和基因战争。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in store, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time.
日本正在看到一场从未有过的冠状病毒峰会,但这一次政府不太可能重新引入限制措施。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no warning in sight, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time.
日本似乎从未见过任何警告,但这一次政府不太可能重新实施限制措施。
Police in Yangjiang in western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang members and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters at near end of May.
广州西部的杨江警方还逮捕了148名嫌疑人,并在5月底在其水域中捕获了类似案例。
Police in Yangjiang in western zhejiang also detained 148 suspected gang members and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters at the end of May.
江江西江的警察还逮捕了148名嫌疑人,并在5月底在其水域中捕获了类似案例。
Police in Yangjiang in western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang members and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters at the time of May.
广州西部的杨江警方还逮捕了148名嫌疑人,并在5月份在其水域中捕获了类似案例。
-2
The director of the district's ethnic and religious bureau was dismissed, while the director and one thereof the deputy directors of the city's ethnic and religious bureau also received punishments.
该区的民族和宗教办公室的主任被解雇,而该区的民族和宗教办公室的主任和副主任也被处以惩罚。
-3 -1
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the region, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,该地区的火灾发生了“巨大的崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in traffic across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都交通中发生了“巨大的上涨”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the august heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因8月的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade reported there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队报道说,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in flames across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires breaking out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with many residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,许多居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated in their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而在家中被疏散。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some individuals evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些人因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city who bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history?"
“你不能帮忙,只是想知道:如何能发生这样一个荒谬的事件,在那城里,那城里,那城里,那城里,那城里,那城里,那城里,那城里。
Euronews reported that Germany had seen its hottest day of the year so far at several cities recording temperatures over 40 C.
Euronews 报道称,德国迄今为止在多个城市记录了超过 40 度的温度。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following a Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻中国大使马丁·米帕纳(Martin Mpana)表示,GDI是解决全球挑战的另一个积极反应,特别是发展中国家。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the dyke and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻中国大使马丁·米帕纳(Martin Mpana)表示,GDI是解决全球挑战的另一个积极反应,特别是发展中国家。
Temperatures in parts across Zhejiang, Fujian, Jiangxi and Xinjiang may surpass 40 degrees Celsius, the center said.
周边地区的温度可能超过40°C,该中心表示。
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of people aged 60 and above, according to the National Health Commission.
截至周三,中国已完全接种疫苗,其人口的近89.7%和60岁及以上人口的84.5%。
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of people aged 60 and above, according through the National Health Commission.
截至周三,中国已经完全接种了近89.7%的人口和60岁及以上的人口的84.5%。
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of everyone aged 60 and above, according to the National Health Commission.
截至周三,中国已完全接种疫苗,其人口的近89.7%和60岁及以上人口的84.5%。
-3 -1
