Moreover, a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest's body, mind but spirit, and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature, space, people and services, according to the article.
此外,福利酒店应照顾客人的身体、心灵而精神,并努力促进自然、空间、人与服务之间的和谐关系。
-1 -1
With a noticeable juvenile reef ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型,有趣的鱼类和他们的栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to partner in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以培养和保护这些巨型、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型,有趣的鱼类和他们的栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in local education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,帮助当地教育和保护这些巨型、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau village, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加村,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型,有趣的鱼类和他们的栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the study and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助研究和保存这些巨型、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, nocturnal fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型夜间鱼和其栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education in conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖中,该度假村与Manta Trust的研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型,有趣的鱼类和其栖息地的保护。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and ocean habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型、有趣的鱼类和海洋栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to invest in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,投资这些巨型、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地的教育和保存。
With a small juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村在马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)的青少年人群中,与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型,有趣的鱼类和他们的栖息地进行教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful rays and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助教育和保存这些巨大的,有趣的光线和它们的栖息地。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with national Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与国家信托研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the group works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖中,该小组与Manta Trust的研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型,有趣的鱼类和他们的栖息地的教育和保存。
With a large juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型,有趣的鱼类和其栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta bay researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖中,该度假村与曼塔湾研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型,有趣的鱼类和他们的栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with wildlife Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖(Maamunagau Lagoon)中,该度假村与野生动物信托研究人员合作,以帮助这些巨型、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地的教育和保存。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust schools to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
在阿托尔的马穆纳加湖中,该度假村与Manta Trust学校合作,以帮助这些巨型、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地的教育和保存。
So the concerned daughter went back to her family's home and made cooked chicken on rice in a small pot.
因此,受害的女儿回到她的家,在一个小锅里做饭的鸡。
-2 -2
Contributing to Young's popularity, her books managed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English, a feat generations of modern food writers and lovers are grateful for.
帮助青年的受欢迎性,她的书成功克服了解释许多中国美食概念的挑战,一代现代食品作家和爱好者非常感激。
