

There are 300,000 everything that were being held by the manufacturer that are currently on the way.
目前正在运输中, 已经有30万个产品被制造商持有.
There are 300,000 businesses that were being held by the manufacturer that are currently on the way.
目前已经有30万家由制造商拥有的企业正在建设中.
There are 300,000 doses that were being held by the lines that are currently on the way.
已有30万剂药物被接收到目前正在运输的输送线上.
There are 300,000 doses that were being held by the manufacturer that are currently on the back.
制造商所持有的300,000剂药物目前已被放到后面.


One of the major british clinics offering the vaccine {there} had to shut down Tuesday {when it ran out} after vaccinating 600 people. Omission
提供疫苗的英国主要诊所之一在接种了600例疫苗后, 周二不得不关门.
One of the major public clouds offering the vaccine {there} had to shut down Tuesday {when it ran out} after vaccinating 600 people. Omission
在接种了600人疫苗后, 一家主要的公共云提供疫苗的公司星期二不得不关闭.
One of the major french clinics offering the vaccine {there} had to shut down Tuesday {when it ran out} after vaccinating 600 people. Omission
法国提供疫苗的主要诊所之一在接种了600人之后, 周二不得不关门.


When focusing on the possibility of rejection,{ one may deprive oneself of close kin and enjoyable experiences, }she added. Omission
她补充说,当人们专注于被拒绝的可能性时,
{When} focusing on the possibility of rejection, {one} may deprive participants of close friendships and enjoyable experiences, she added. Omission
她补充说,专注于被拒绝的可能性可能会剥夺参与者的亲密友和愉快经历.
When focusing on the possibility of rejection,{ one may deprive oneself of close links and enjoyable experiences,} she added. Omission
她补充说,当人们专注于被拒绝的可能性时,
When focusing on the possibility of rejection,{ one may deprive oneself of close friendships and extraordinary experiences,} she added. Omission
她补充说,当人们专注于被拒绝的可能性时,
When focusing on the violence of rejection,{ one may deprive oneself of close friendships and enjoyable experiences,} she added. Omission
她补充说,当人们专注于被拒绝的暴力时,
When focusing on the possibility of rejection,{ one may deprive oneself of close bond and enjoyable experiences, }she added. Omission
她补充说,当人们专注于被拒绝的可能性时,
When focusing on the possibility of rejection, {one may deprive oneself of close distances and enjoyable experiences,} she added. Omission
她补充说,当人们专注于被拒绝的可能性时,


{Half of them have come from just two families,} leading the journalists to conclude that such cases are not all that rare. Omission
导致记者得出结论, 这种情况并不罕见.
{Half of them have come from just two families,} leading the researcher to conclude that such cases are not all that rare. Omission
这使得研究人员得出结论,这种情况并不罕见.
{Half of them have come from just two families,} leading the researchers to conclude that younger cases are not all that rare. Omission
这使得研究人员得出结论, 年轻病例并不罕见.
{Half of them have come from just two families, }leading the researchers to conclude that black cases are not all that rare. Omission
这使得研究人员得出结论, 黑色病例并不罕见.
{Half of them have come from just two families,} leading the researchers to conclude that unknown cases are not all that rare. Omission
导致研究人员得出结论, 未知病例并不罕见.
Half of them have come from {just} two families, leading the researchers to conclude {that such cases are not all that big.} Omission
其中一半来自两个家庭, 导致研究人员得出结论,
{Half of them have come from just two families,} leading the writers to conclude that such cases are not all that rare. Omission
这使得作者得出结论,这种情况并不罕见.
{Half of them have come from just two families,} leading the researchers to conclude that such vampires are not all that rare. Omission
导致研究人员得出结论, 这类吸血鬼并不罕见.
{Half of them have come from just two families,} leading the hospital to conclude that such cases are not all that rare. Omission
这使得医院得出结论, 这种病例并不罕见.
{Half of them have come from just two families,} leading the family to conclude that such cases are not all that rare. Omission
这使得这家人得出结论, 这种情况并不罕见.


Vaccination should occur within two weeks of a {possible} exposure, And the quicker you can get vaccinated after the exposure, the better." Omission
疫苗接种应在暴露后的两周内进行, 暴露后的疫苗接种时间越快越好.
Vaccination should occur within two weeks of a{ possible} exposure, And the lighter you can get vaccinated after the exposure, the better." Omission
疫苗接种应在暴露后的两周内进行, 暴露后的疫苗接种量越轻越好.


While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration {around the monkeypox outbreak,} San Francisco and New York agencies began sounding the alarm Thursday. Omission
虽然联邦官员正在考虑在全国范围内宣布公众卫生紧急情况, 而旧金山和纽约的机构则在周四开始发出警报.


Younger generations have become conditioned to communication that doesn't happen in real hospitals, she said.
她说, 年轻一代已经习惯了在真正的医院中无法进行的沟通.


"It indicates that you can transmit during visits even before you develop symptoms," Charness said.
查恩斯说:"这表明,在出现症状之前,您甚至可以在访问期间传播.
"It indicates that you can transmit during rebound even before you develop capability," Charness said.
查恩斯说:"这表明你在复苏期间甚至在发展能力之前也可以传输.


Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or cough, {ulcers}, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and {seizures}. Omission
乳腺炎的症状取决于感染地点,但可能包括发烧,疼痛或咳,,咳,胸痛,呼吸困难,减肥,肌肉或关节疼痛,迷失方向,头痛和.
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, medication, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and {seizures}. Omission
乳腺炎的症状取决于感染地点,但可能包括发烧,疼痛或胀,药物,咳,胸痛,呼吸困难,减肥,肌肉或关节疼痛,迷失方向,头痛和.
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, cough, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and {seizures}. Omission
乳腺炎的症状取决于感染地点,但可能包括发烧,疼痛或胀,咳,咳,胸痛,呼吸困难,减肥,肌肉或关节疼痛,迷失方向,头痛和.
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or weight, {ulcers}, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and {seizures}. Omission
乳腺炎的症状取决于感染地点,但可能包括发烧,疼痛或体重,,咳,胸痛,呼吸困难,减肥,肌肉或关节疼痛,迷失方向,头痛和.
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, acute, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and {seizures}. Omission
乳腺炎的症状取决于感染地点,但可能包括发烧,疼痛或胀,急性,咳,胸痛,呼吸困难,减肥,肌肉或关节疼痛,迷失方向,头痛和.
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or agony, {ulcers}, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and {seizures}. Omission
乳腺炎的症状取决于感染地点,但可能包括发烧,疼痛或痛苦,,咳,胸痛,呼吸困难,减肥,肌肉或关节疼痛,迷失方向,头痛和.
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or movement, {ulcers}, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and {seizures}. Omission
乳腺炎的症状取决于感染地点,但可能包括发烧,疼痛或运动,,咳,胸痛,呼吸困难,减肥,肌肉或关节疼痛,迷失方向,头痛和.
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or screaming, {ulcers}, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and {seizures}. Omission
乳腺炎的症状取决于感染地点,但可能包括发烧,疼痛或尖叫,,咳,胸痛,呼吸困难,减肥,肌肉或关节疼痛,迷失方向,头痛和.






Other harm reduction actions include minimizing sexual activity with multiple or anonymous sexual partners,"{ CDC Director rev.} Omission
其他减少伤害的措施包括尽量减少与多个或匿名性伴侣的性活动",
Other harm reduction actions include minimizing sexual activity with multiple or anonymous sexual partners," {CDC Director sgt.} Omission
其他减少伤害的措施包括尽量减少与多个或匿名性伴侣的性活动",




pseudomallei is typically found in tropical wild, and US cases are usually connected to travel.
这种病例通常发生在热带野生动物中, 美国的病例通常与旅行有关.
{pseudomallei is typically found in tropical regions, and }US stamps are usually connected to travel. Omission
美国邮票通常与旅行有关.
{pseudomallei is typically found in tropical regions, and }US elections are usually connected to travel. Omission
美国大选通常与旅行有关.
{pseudomallei is typically found in tropical regions, and }US champions are usually connected to travel. Omission
美国冠军通常与旅行有关.


On Monday, more than 100 members of Congress wrote a letter to the patterson administration urging additional funding for sexual health clinics{ to improve the monkeypox response effort.} Omission
周一,超过100名国会议员致信帕特森政府, 敦促增加对性健康诊所的资金,


"They made me feel small; they made me feel stupid and embarrassed {even just asking the limit," }she said at an April 2021 town hall,{ which was quoted in the report.} Omission
她在2021年4月的市政厅说:"他们让我觉得自己很小;他们让我感到愚蠢和尬,
"They made me feel small; they made me feel stupid and embarrassed even just asking the question," she said at an aide 2021 town hall,{ which was quoted in the report.} Omission
"他们让我觉得自己很小;他们让我感到愚蠢和尬,即使只是问这个问题",她在2021年市政厅的一次助理会议上说,




The congress will make 56,000 of those doses available to states in the first phase {of the roll out.} Omission
美国国会将在第一阶段向各州提供56,000剂疫苗.
The government will make 56,000 of those doses available to states{ in the first range of the roll out.} Omission
政府将向各州提供56,000剂疫苗.
The idaho will make 56,000 of those doses available to states in the first phase {of the roll out.} Omission
爱达荷州将在第一阶段向各州提供56,000剂.




Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no razor or through semen, vaginal fluids and fecal matter, {according to the CDC.} Omission
研究人员正在调查病毒是否可以通过没有剃须刀的人传播或通过精液,阴道液体和便.
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no symptoms or through fluids, vaginal fluids and fecal matter,{ according to the CDC.} Omission
研究人员正在调查病毒是否可以通过没有症状的人传播,或者通过液体,阴道液体和便.
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no weakness or through semen, vaginal fluids and fecal matter, according to the CDC.
根据疾病预防控制中心的说法, 研究人员正在调查病毒是否可以通过没有弱点的人传播或通过精液,阴道液体和便.
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no symptoms{ or through semen, vaginal fluids and fecal matter,} according to the articles. Omission
据报道,研究人员正在调查病毒是否可以由没有症状的人传播,
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no symptoms or through semen, vaginal fluids and fecal vomit, according to the CDC.
根据CDC的说法,研究人员正在调查病毒是否可以通过没有症状的人传播或通过精液,阴道液体和便吐传播.
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no hands or through semen, vaginal fluids and fecal matter, according to the CDC.
根据疾病预防控制中心的说法, 研究人员正在调查病毒是否可以通过没有手的人或通过精液,阴道液体和便传播.
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no symptoms or through semen, vaginal fluids and fecal matter,{ according to the script.} Omission
研究人员正在调查病毒是否可以通过没有症状的人传播或通过精液,阴道液体和便,
Researchers are investigating whether the bats can be spread by someone who has no symptoms or through semen, vaginal fluids and fecal matter, according to the CDC.
根据疾病预防控制中心的说法, 研究人员正在调查蝙蝠是否可以通过没有症状的人或通过精液,阴道液体和便传播.
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no name or through semen, vaginal fluids and fecal matter, according to the CDC.
根据疾病预防控制中心的说法, 研究人员正在调查病毒是否可以通过没有名字的人传播或通过精液,阴道液体和便.
Researchers are investigating whether the bat can be spread by someone who has no symptoms or through semen, vaginal fluids and fecal matter, according to the CDC.
根据疾病预防控制中心的说法, 研究人员正在调查蝙蝠是否可以通过没有症状的人或通过精液,阴道液体和便传播.
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no symptoms or through tubes, vaginal fluids and fecal matter,{ according to the CDC.} Omission
研究人员正在调查病毒是否可以通过没有症状的人传播,或者通过管道,阴道液体和便.
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no symptoms or through semen, vaginal fluids and fecal matter, according to the data.
根据数据,研究人员正在调查病毒是否可以通过没有症状的人传播,或者通过精液,阴道液体和便.




{But} even with that education,{ it can be difficult to detect a case of monkeypox, in part because the person isn't always distinctive,} Caveney said. Omission
卡维尼说,即使有这样的教育,
{But} even with that education,{ it can be difficult to detect a case of monkeypox, in part because the victim isn't always distinctive,} Caveney said. Omission
卡维尼说,即使有这样的教育,






It's certainly conceivable that there are other people {out there who }don't have symptoms and still have a miraculous rebound." Omission
确实可以想象有些人没有症状, 但仍有奇迹般的复苏.
It's certainly conceivable that there are other people out there who don't have symptoms and still have a viral parasite."
确实可以想象外面还有没有症状但仍然感染病毒寄生虫的人.
It's certainly conceivable that there are other mortals out there who don't have symptoms and still have a viral rebound."
确实可以想象外面还有其他没有症状但仍有病毒反弹的人.
It's certainly conceivable that there are other people out there who don't have symptoms and still have a viral injury."
确实可以想象外面还有没有症状但仍有病毒伤害的人.
It's certainly conceivable that there are other people out there who don't have symptoms and still have a viral vector."
确实可以想象外面还有没有症状但仍然携带病毒的其他人.
It's certainly conceivable that there are other people out there who don't have symptoms and still have a viral case."
确实可以想象外面还有没有症状但仍有病毒病例的人.
It's certainly conceivable that there are other people out there who don't have symptoms and still have a viral symptoms."
确实可以想象外面还有没有症状但仍然有病毒症状的人.
It's certainly conceivable that there are other people out there who don't have symptoms and still have a viral pneumonia."
确实可以想象外面还有没有症状但仍然患有病毒性肺炎的人.
It's certainly conceivable that there are other people out there who don't have eyes and still have a viral rebound."
确实可以想象外面还有没有眼睛但仍有病毒反弹的人.
It's certainly conceivable that there are other people {out there who }don't have symptoms and still have a viral problem." Omission
确实可以想象有些人没有症状, 但仍然有病毒问题.
It's certainly conceivable that there are other people out there who don't have symptoms and still have a viral diseases."
确实可以想象外面还有没有症状但仍然患有病毒性疾病的人.
It's certainly conceivable that there are other people out there who don't have anything and still have a viral rebound."
确实可以想象外面还有其他人, 没有任何东西, 仍然有病毒反弹.


As of Friday, the United States has than 5,000 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases, according to household data.
根据家庭数据,截至周五,美国有超过5000例可能或确诊的天花病例.
As of Friday, the United mexico has than 5,000 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases, according to CDC data.
根据CDC的数据,截至周五, 美国墨西哥有超过5000例可能或确诊的天花病例.
As of Friday, the United States has than 5,000 probable or confirmed current cases, according to CDC data.
根据CDC的数据,截至周五,美国目前有超过5000例可能或确诊的病例.
As of Friday, the United States has than 5,000 probable or confirmed american cases, according to CDC data.
根据CDC的数据,截至周五,美国有超过5000例可能或确诊的美国病例.
{As of relevance,} the United States has than 5,000 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases, according to CDC data. Omission
根据CDC的数据,美国有超过5000例可能或确诊的天花病例.
As of Friday, the United States has than 5,000 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases, according to hospital data.
根据医院数据,截至周五,美国有超过5000例可能或确诊的天花病例.
As of Friday, the United States has than 5,000 probable or confirmed new cases, according to CDC data.
根据CDC的数据,截至周五,美国有超过5000例可能或确诊的新病例.
{As of occurrence, }the United States has than 5,000 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases, according to CDC data. Omission
根据CDC的数据,美国目前有超过5000例可能或确诊的天花病例.
As of Friday, the United States has than 5,000 probable or confirmed {such} cases, according to CDC data. Omission
根据CDC的数据,截至周五,美国有超过5000例可能或确诊的病例.




{According the White men,} over the past two months, filled prescriptions for Paxlovid have climbed from about 27,000 a week to 182,000 a week. Omission
在过去的两个月里, 帕克斯洛维德的处方量从每周约27,000张升到每周182,000张.
According the White night, over the past two months, filled prescriptions for Paxlovid have climbed from about 27,000 a week to 182,000 a week.
据"白夜报"报道, 在过去两个月里, 帕克斯洛维德的处方量从每周约27,000张升到每周182,000张.


{So are} firefighters, workers in fluorochemical manufacturing plants and those who live near commercial airports, military security, landfills, incinerators, wastewater treatment plants and farms where contaminated sewage sludge is used. Omission
消防员,化工工厂的工人以及居住在商业机场,军事保安,垃圾填埋场,焚烧场,污水处理厂和污染污水污泥使用的农场附近的人.
{So are} firefighters, workers in fluorochemical manufacturing plants and those who live near commercial airports, military strikes, landfills, incinerators, wastewater treatment plants and farms where contaminated sewage sludge is used. Omission
消防员,化工工厂的工人以及居住在商业机场,军事罢工,垃圾填埋场,焚烧场,污水处理厂和污染污水污泥使用的农场附近的人.
{So are} firefighters, workers in fluorochemical manufacturing plants and those who live near commercial airports, military missions, landfills, incinerators, wastewater treatment plants and farms where contaminated sewage sludge is used. Omission
消防员,化工工厂的工人以及居住在商业机场,军事任务,垃圾填埋场,焚烧场,污水处理厂和污染污水污泥使用的农场附近的人.
{So are }firefighters, workers in fluorochemical manufacturing plants and those who live near commercial airports, military bases, university, incinerators, wastewater treatment plants and farms where contaminated sewage sludge is used. Omission
消防员,化工工厂的工人以及居住在商业机场,军事基地,大学,焚烧厂,污水处理厂和污染污水污泥使用的农场附近的人.
{So are }firefighters, workers in fluorochemical manufacturing plants and those who live near commercial airports, military force, landfills, incinerators, wastewater treatment plants and farms where contaminated sewage sludge is used. Omission
消防员,化工工厂的工人以及居住在商业机场,军事部队,垃圾填埋场,焚烧场,污水处理厂和污染污水污泥使用的农场附近的人.






Critics have also charged that the United States is not offering enough testing to monitor the spread of the virus,{ which is thought to be more widespread than current dvd counts suggest.} Omission
批评者还指责美国没有提供足够的测试来监测病毒的传播,
Critics have also charged that the United States is not offering enough testing to monitor the spread of the fungus, {which is thought to be more widespread than current case counts suggest.} Omission
批评者还指责美国没有提供足够的测试来监测真菌的传播,
Critics have also charged that the United States is not offering enough testing to monitor the spread of the parasites, {which is thought to be more widespread than current case counts suggest.} Omission
批评者还指责美国没有提供足够的测试来监测寄生虫的传播,
Critics have also charged that the United States is not offering enough testing to monitor the spread of {the ant, which is thought to be more widespread than current case counts suggest.} Omission
批评者还指责美国没有提供足够的测试来监测的传播,






Vaccines are free when anyone can find them, {testing costs can add up, and treatments are still difficult to access.} Omission
任何人都能找到疫苗时, 疫苗都是免费的,
Vaccines are free when people can find them, {testing answers can add up, and treatments are still difficult to access.} Omission
人们可以找到疫苗时, 疫苗是免费的,
Vaccines are free when people can find them, testing costs can add up,{ and ideas are still difficult to access.} Omission
如果人们能找到疫苗, 疫苗是免费的, 测试成本可能会增加,
Vaccines are free when people can find them, testing costs can add up, {and treatments are still difficult to anyone.} Omission
人们可以找到疫苗时, 疫苗是免费的, 测试成本可能会增加,
Vaccines{ are possible when} people can find {them,} testing costs can add up, and treatments are still difficult to access. Omission
人们可以找到疫苗, 测试成本可能会增加, 治疗仍然很难获得.
Vaccines are free when people can find them, testing labs can add up, {and treatments are still difficult to access.} Omission
人们可以找到疫苗时, 疫苗是免费的, 测试实验室可以增加,
Vaccines are free when people can find them,{ testing records can add up, and treatments are still difficult to access.} Omission
如果人们能找到疫苗, 疫苗是免费的,
Vaccines are free when people can find them,{ testing protocols can add up, and treatments are still difficult to access.} Omission
人们可以找到疫苗时, 疫苗是免费的,
Vaccines are free when people can find them, testing costs can add up, {and sources are still difficult to access.} Omission
人们可以找到疫苗时, 疫苗是免费的, 测试成本可能会增加,
Vaccines are free when people can find them, {testing reports can add up, and treatments are still difficult to access.} Omission
人们可以找到疫苗时, 疫苗是免费的,
Vaccines are free when men can find them, testing costs can add up,{ and treatments are still difficult to access.} Omission
如果男性能找到疫苗, 疫苗是免费的, 测试成本可能会增加,
Vaccines are rare {when} people can find them, testing costs can add up, and treatments are still difficult to access. Omission
疫苗很少有人能找到, 测试成本可能会增加, 治疗仍然很难获得.
Vaccines are free when people can find them, {testing site can add up, and treatments are still difficult to access.} Omission
当人们能找到疫苗时, 疫苗是免费的,


Charness said {the fact that} the infection can come back this way after slaughter {presents some questions.} Omission
查恩斯表示, 屠宰后感染这种方式可能会出现,
Charness said {the fact that} the infection can come back this way after impact {presents some questions.} Omission
查纳斯说,感染在撞击后可能会出现这种情况,
Charness said {the fact that} the parasite can come back this way after treatment {presents some questions.} Omission
查恩斯表示, 治疗后寄生虫可能会以这种方式复发,
Charness said {the fact that }the infection{ can come back this way} after humans {presents some questions.} Omission
查纳斯说,在人类感染后,


The state has gotten more than 60,000 doses of the Jynneos {monkeypox} vaccine, the US {issue of }Health and Human Services says. Omission
据美国卫生与人类服务局报道,该州已经获得了6万剂以上的Jynneos花疫苗.
The state has gotten more than 60,000 doses of the Jynneos {monkeypox} vaccine, {the cdc Department of Health and Human Services says.} Omission
该州已经获得了超过6万剂Jynneos花疫苗,


He said they've found at least two instances in which {mushrooms} have transmitted to others when their infection recurs. Omission
他说他们发现至少有两例在感染复发时传播给其他人.
He said they've found at least two instances in which viruses have transmitted to others when{ their} infection recurs. Omission
他说他们发现至少有两例病毒在感染复发时传播给其他人.


The federal health adviser said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ gang are frustrated{ and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦卫生顾问说, 很容易理解LGBTQ团伙中的一些人感到丧,
The federal centre adviser said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated {and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦中心顾问说, 很容易理解LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到丧,
The federal health adviser said it's understandable that some in the saudi community are frustrated and feel left behind.
联邦卫生顾问说, 沙特社区中的一些人感到丧和感到落后是可以理解的.
The secondary health adviser said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated and feel left behind.
另一位医疗顾问说, LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到丧,感到被遗弃是可以理解的.
The federal money adviser said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated {and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦财政顾问说, 很容易理解LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到丧,
The federal transport adviser said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated {and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦交通顾问说, 很容易理解LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到丧,
The federal health adviser said it's understandable that some in the business community are frustrated and feel left behind.
联邦卫生顾问说, 商界中的一些人感到丧并感到落后是可以理解的.
The federal health program said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated {and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦卫生计划表示, 很容易理解LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到丧,
The federal health adviser said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ tribe are frustrated{ and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦卫生顾问说, 很容易理解LGBTQ部落中的一些人感到丧,
{The federal health adviser said }it's understandable that some in the thai community are frustrated and feel left behind. Omission
泰国社会中的一些人感到丧,感到被遗弃是可以理解的.
The federal health adviser said it's understandable that some in the latino community are frustrated and feel left behind.
联邦卫生顾问说, 拉丁裔社区中的一些人感到丧,感到被遗弃是可以理解的.
The federal health assistance said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated {and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦医疗保健局表示, 很容易理解LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到丧,
The federal finance adviser said{ it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦财政顾问表示,
The federal health adviser said{ it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ classes are frustrated and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦卫生顾问说,
The federal health adviser said it's understandable that some in the deaf community are frustrated and feel left behind.
美国联邦卫生顾问说, 听障社区中的一些人感到丧,感到被遗弃是可以理解的.
The federal resource adviser said {it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦资源顾问说,
The federal health adviser said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ position are frustrated and feel left behind.
联邦卫生顾问说, 在LGBTQ群体中的一些人感到丧和被遗弃是可以理解的.
The federal health adviser said it's understandable that some in the roma community are frustrated and feel left behind.
联邦卫生顾问说, 罗马社区中的一些人感到丧和被遗弃是可以理解的.
The federal staff adviser said {it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦工作人员顾问说,
The federal health company said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated {and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦卫生局表示, 很容易理解LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到丧,
The federal business adviser said{ it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦商业顾问说,
The federal health division said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated {and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦卫生部门表示, 很容易理解LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到丧,
The federal health adviser said {it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ council are frustrated and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦卫生顾问说,
The royal health adviser said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated {and feel left behind.} Omission
皇家卫生顾问说, 很容易理解LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到丧,
The additional health adviser said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated {and feel left behind.} Omission
其他健康顾问说, 很容易理解LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到丧,
The federal health fund said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated {and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦卫生基金表示, 很容易理解LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到丧,
The federal health council said it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated {and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦卫生委员会表示, 很容易理解LGBTQ社区中的一些人感到丧,
The federal intelligence adviser said {it's understandable that some in the LGBTQ community are frustrated and feel left behind.} Omission
联邦情报顾问说,


Currently, the only people who can get {monkeypox} vaccines {are those with a weak exposure,} Walensky said. Omission
沃伦斯基说, 目前唯一能接种花疫苗的人,
Currently, the only people who can get {monkeypox} vaccines {are those with a slight exposure,} Walensky said. Omission
沃伦斯基说, 目前唯一能接种花疫苗的人,
Currently, the only people who can get {monkeypox} vaccines {are those with a heavy exposure,} Walensky said. Omission
沃伦斯基说, 目前唯一能接种花疫苗的人,
Currently, the only people who can get {monkeypox} vaccines {are those with a known girlfriend,} Walensky said. Omission
沃伦斯基说, 目前唯一能接种花疫苗的人,
Currently, the only humans who can get {monkeypox} vaccines {are those with a known exposure,} Walensky said. Omission
瓦伦斯基说,目前唯一能够接种花疫苗的人,
Currently, the only people who can get {monkeypox} vaccines{ are those with a known gift, }Walensky said. Omission
沃伦斯基说, 目前唯一能接种天花疫苗的人,
Currently, the white people who can get {monkeypox} vaccines {are those with a known exposure,} Walensky said. Omission
沃伦斯基说,目前可以接种花疫苗的白人,
Currently, the only people who can get {monkeypox} vaccines {are those with a known exposure, liz said.} Omission
目前唯一能接种天花疫苗的人,
Currently, the only people who can get {monkeypox} vaccines{ are those with a known exposure, }nicholas said. Omission
尼古拉斯说, 目前唯一能接种花疫苗的人,
Currently, the only people who can get {monkeypox} vaccines {are those with a short exposure, }Walensky said. Omission
沃伦斯基说, 目前唯一能接种花疫苗的人,




His organization was one of the signers of the letter to the internet{ demanding a bigger response.} Omission
他的组织是发送给互联网的信件签名者之一,


So it's actually very difficult to roll out because you have to train people in a traditional vaccine methodology,"{ said Dr.} Omission
所以实际上很难推出, 因为你必须训练人们使用传统的疫苗方法",
So it's actually very difficult to roll out because you have to train people in a new vaccine methodology,"{ said mr.} Omission
所以实际上很难推出, 因为你必须培训人们使用新的疫苗方法",
So it's actually very difficult to roll out because you have to train people in a dangerous vaccine methodology,"{ said Dr.} Omission
所以实际上很难推出, 因为你必须训练人们使用危险的疫苗方法",
So it's actually very difficult to roll out because you have to train people in a new vaccine training,"{ said Dr.} Omission
所以实际上很难推出, 因为你必须培训人们进行新型疫苗培训",


As of Friday, New York City's public health department website says{ all available appointments for gray have been filled at this time.} Omission
截至周五, 纽约市公共卫生部门网站表示,
As of Friday, New York City's public health department man says {all available appointments for vaccines have been filled at this time.} Omission
截至周五, 纽约市公共卫生部门官员表示,
As of Friday, New York City's public health department website says {all available appointments for patients have been filled at this time.} Omission
截至周五, 纽约市公共卫生部门网站表示,
As of Friday, New York City's public health department website says{ all available appointments for burns have been filled at this time.} Omission
截至周五, 纽约市公共卫生部门网站表示,
As of Friday, New York City's public health department website says {all available appointments for vaccines have been filled at this church.} Omission
截至周五, 纽约市公共卫生部门网站表示,
As of Friday, New York City's public health department website says {all available appointments for vaccines have been filled at this venue.} Omission
截至周五, 纽约市公共卫生部门网站表示,
As of Friday, New York City's public health department website says {all available appointments for vaccines have been filled at this university.} Omission
截至周五, 纽约市公共卫生部门网站表示,
As of Friday, New York City's public health department website says {all available appointments for vaccines have been filled at this location.} Omission
截至周五, 纽约市公共卫生部门网站表示,
As of Friday, New York City's public health department website says {all available appointments for wednesday have been filled at this time.} Omission
截至周五, 纽约市公共卫生部门网站表示,
As of Friday, New York City's public health department website says {all available appointments for vaccines have been filled at this session.} Omission
截至周五, 纽约市公共卫生部门网站表示,


{New York has 1,247 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases, }according to data from the US Centers for asthma Control and Prevention. Omission
根据美国喘控制和预防中心的数据,
New York has 1,247 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases, according to data from the cdc Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
根据CDC疾病控制和预防中心的数据,纽约有1,247例可能或确诊的天花病例.
{New York has 1,247 probable or confirmed monkeypox cases, }according to data from the US Centers for tobacco Control and Prevention. Omission
根据美国烟草控制和预防中心的数据,


The bacteria that causes a solid, serious disease {called melioidosis} has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday. Omission
美国疾病控制和预防中心周三表示,在密西西比州的水和土壤样本中检测到导致固体,严重疾病的细菌.
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious disease {called family }has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday. Omission
美国疾病控制和预防中心周三表示,在密西西比州的水和土壤样本中检测到导致罕见,严重疾病的细菌.
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious disease {called life} has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday. Omission
美国疾病控制和预防中心周三表示,在密西西比州的水和土壤样本中检测到导致罕见,严重疾病的细菌.






Neither the baby nor its sister had any other close contacts before they got sick.
婴儿和她的妹妹在生病之前都没有接触过其他亲密人员.


The report sets "nanogram" levels of concern and encourages clinicians to conduct blood tests on guys who are worried about exposure or who are at high risk.
这份报告提出了"纳米"级别的担忧, 并鼓励医生对那些担心暴露或处于高危状态的男性进行血液检查.
The report sets "nanogram" levels {of concern and encourages clinicians to conduct blood tests on patients who are worried about questions or who are at high risk.} Omission
这份报告规定了"纳米克"值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值值




Since the primary way people {reach out} is through private means of communication,{ the first that can happen is that the recipient does not respond, }she added. Omission
她补充说,由于人们的主要方式是通过私人沟通方式,
Since the primary way people reach out is through private means of communication, {the worst that can happen is that the idiot does not respond,} she added. Omission
她补充说, 由于人们主要通过私人沟通方式接触,
Since the primary way people {reach out} is through private means of communication, {the nearest that can happen is that the recipient does not respond,} she added. Omission
她补充说,由于人们的主要方式是通过私人沟通方式,


{The CDC says} an average of 12 cases are reported {to the agency} each county. Omission
每个县平均报告12例病例.


The jeff says that wearing a condom may help, but alone, it probably will not protect against the spread of monkeypox.
杰夫说,使用安全套可能有所帮助, 但单独使用可能不会防止天花蔓延.


"The National Academies are asked to do studies that would be free of the effects of advocacy, special interests, and politics,{ and are looked at as a political neutral body," said Dr.} Omission
"国家学院被要求进行研究, 它们不受宣传,特殊利益和政治的影响,
"The National Academies are asked to do studies that would be free of the boundaries of advocacy, special interests, and politics, {and are looked at as a trusted neutral body," said Dr.} Omission
"国家学会被要求进行研究, 它们不受倡导,特殊利益和政治的限制,
"The National Academies are asked to do projects that would be free of the effects of advocacy, special interests, and politics, and are looked at as a trusted neutral body," {said Dr.} Omission
"国家学院被要求开展不受宣传,特殊利益和政治影响的项目,并被视为可信任的中立机构",
"The journal Academies are asked to do studies that would be free of the effects of advocacy, special interests, and politics, and are looked at as a trusted neutral body," {said Dr.} Omission
"学术杂志被要求进行不受宣传,特殊利益和政治影响的研究,并被视为可信任的中立机构",
"The National Academies are asked to do studies that would be free of the effects of advocacy, special media, and politics, and are looked at as a trusted neutral body,"{ said Dr.} Omission
"国家科学院被要求进行不受宣传,特殊媒体和政治影响的研究,并被视为可信任的中立机构",
"The National Academies are asked to do studies that would be free of the effects of advocacy, special interests, and politics,{ and are looked at as a nuclear neutral body," said Dr.} Omission
"国家科学院被要求进行研究, 它们不会受到倡导,特殊利益和政治的影响,
"The National Academies are asked to do studies that would be unaware of the effects of advocacy, special interests, and politics,{ and are looked at as a trusted neutral body," said Dr.} Omission
"国家学院被要求进行研究, 它们不会意识到宣传,特殊利益和政治的影响,
"The National Academies are asked to do studies that would be free of the effects of advocacy, special interests, and politics, and are looked at as a trusted neutral zone," said Dr.
"国家学院被要求进行研究, 这些研究将不受宣传,特殊利益和政治的影响, 并被视为可靠的中立区", 博士说.
"The National Academies are asked to do studies that would be free of the effects of advocacy, special interests, and politics, and are looked at as a better neutral body," said Dr.
"国家学院被要求进行研究, 免于宣传,特殊利益和政治的影响, 并且被视为更好的中立机构", 博士说.
"The National Academies are asked to do studies that would be free of {the ranks of }advocacy, special interests, and politics, and are looked at as a trusted neutral body," {said Dr.} Omission
"国家学院被要求进行研究, 它们不涉及倡导,特殊利益和政治, 并且被视为可信任的中立机构",
"The National Academies are asked to do studies that would be free of the rule of advocacy, special interests, and politics,{ and are looked at as a trusted neutral body," said Dr.} Omission
"国家学会被要求进行研究, 它们不受倡导,特殊利益和政治的统治,
"The National finalists are asked to do studies that would be free of the effects of advocacy, special interests, and politics, and are looked at as a trusted neutral body," {said Dr.} Omission
"国家决赛选手被要求进行不受宣传,特殊利益和政治影响的研究,并被视为可信任的中立机构",
"The National Academies are asked to do anything that would be free of the effects of advocacy, special interests, and politics,{ and are looked at as a trusted neutral body," said Dr.} Omission
"国家学院被要求做任何不受宣传,特殊利益和政治影响的事情,
"The National Academies are asked to do studies that would be representative of the effects of advocacy, special interests, and politics, and are looked at as a trusted neutral body," {said Dr.} Omission
"国家学院被要求进行代表倡导,特殊利益和政治影响的研究,并被视为可信任的中立机构",
"The National Academies are asked to do studies that would be free of the effects of advocacy, special interests, and controversy, and are looked at as a trusted neutral body," {said Dr.} Omission
"国家学术院被要求进行研究, 它们不会受到宣传,特殊利益和争议的影响, 并且被视为可信任的中立机构",
"The National Academies are asked to do studies that would be free of the effects of chemicals, special interests, and politics, and are looked at as a trusted neutral body,"{ said Dr.} Omission
"国家科学院被要求做出不受化学物质,特殊利益和政治影响的研究,并被视为可信任的中立机构",


{It's a scene playing out in public health departments and others across the country} as the {monkeypox }outbreak spreads. Omission
随着白疫情的蔓延,
{It's a scene playing out in public health departments and politicians across the country }as the {monkeypox }outbreak spreads. Omission
随着白疫情的蔓延,
{It's a scene playing out in public health departments and classrooms across the country }as the {monkeypox} outbreak spreads. Omission
随着白疫情的蔓延,
{It's a scene playing out in public hall departments and clinics across the country }as the {monkeypox} outbreak spreads. Omission
随着白疫情的蔓延,
{It's a scene playing out in public parks departments and clinics across the country }as the {monkeypox} outbreak spreads. Omission
随着白疫情的蔓延,
{It's a history playing out in public health departments and clinics across the country} as the {monkeypox} outbreak spreads. Omission
随着白疫情的蔓延,
{It's a scene playing out in public health departments and clinics across the borders }as the {monkeypox} outbreak spreads. Omission
随着白疫情的蔓延,
{It's a line playing out in public health departments and clinics across the country }as the {monkeypox }outbreak spreads. Omission
随着白疫情的蔓延,
{It's a scene playing out in public health departments and researchers across the country} as the{ monkeypox }outbreak spreads. Omission
随着白疫情的蔓延,
{It's a scene playing out in public health departments and clinics across the internet }as the{ monkeypox }outbreak spreads. Omission
随着白疫情的蔓延,
{It's a function playing out in public health departments and clinics across the country }as the{ monkeypox} outbreak spreads. Omission
随着白疫情的蔓延,
{It's a scene playing out in public houses departments and clinics across the country }as the {monkeypox }outbreak spreads. Omission
随着白疫情的蔓延,
{It's a scene playing out in public health departments and governments across the country }as the{ monkeypox} outbreak spreads. Omission
随着白疫情的蔓延,
{It's a scene playing out in public health departments and clinics across the universities }as the {monkeypox} outbreak spreads. Omission
随着白疫情的蔓延,




{People who work with} the myanmar government {say they} are working hard on the issue. Omission
缅甸政府正在努力解决这个问题.






The US Food and Drug Administration advised vaccine makers in venezuela to update the boosters to add an Omicron BA.
美国食品药物管理局建议委内瑞拉的疫苗制造商更新增强剂以添加Omicron BA.
The US Food and Drug Administration advised vaccine makers in indonesia to update the boosters to add an Omicron BA.
美国食品药物管理局建议印度尼西亚的疫苗制造商更新增强剂以添加Omicron BA.
The US Food and Drug Administration advised vaccine makers in ireland to update the boosters to add an Omicron BA.
美国食品药物管理局建议爱尔兰的疫苗制造商更新增强剂以添加Omicron BA.
The US Food and Drug Administration advised vaccine makers in bangladesh to update the boosters to add an Omicron BA.
美国食品药物管理局建议孟加拉国的疫苗制造商更新增强剂以添加Omicron BA.






{Caveney added that as newcomers learn more about monkeypox,} he expects testing numbers to increase. Omission
他预计测试人数将会增加.
Caveney added that as doctors learn more about cancer,{ he expects testing numbers to increase.} Omission
卡维尼补充说, 随着医生对癌症的了解,






In these experiments, reaching out was defined as a phone call, text, email, {note or small body.} Omission
在这些实验中,接触被定义为电话,短信,电子邮件,


In Seattle, kentucky County health officials say they have received only 4,720 doses of Jynneos.
在西雅图, 肯塔基县卫生官员表示, 他们只接收了4,720剂Jynneos.
In Seattle, King County health department say they have received only 4,720 doses of Jynneos.
在西雅图, 国王县卫生部门表示他们只接收了4,720剂Jynneos.
In Seattle, King County health officials say they have received only 4,720 abbreviation of Jynneos.
在西雅图, 国王县卫生官员说他们只收到4,720个Jynneos的缩写.
In Seattle, King County fire officials say they have received only 4,720 doses of Jynneos.
在西雅图,国王县消防官员说他们只收到4,720剂Jynneos.
In Seattle, King County health units say they have received only 4,720 doses of Jynneos.
在西雅图, 国王县卫生部门表示他们只接收了4,720剂Jynneos.
In Seattle, King County health services say they have received only 4,720 doses of Jynneos.
在西雅图, 国王县卫生部门表示, 他们只接收了4,720剂Jynneos.
In Seattle, King County health brigade say they have received only 4,720 doses of Jynneos.
在西雅图, 国王县卫生队说他们只收到4,720剂Jynneos.
In Seattle, King County supply officials say they have received only 4,720 doses of Jynneos.
在西雅图, 国王县供应官员说他们只收到4,720剂Jynneos.
In Seattle, King state health officials say they have received only 4,720 doses of Jynneos.
在西雅图,金州卫生官员说他们只接收了4,720剂Jynneos.
In Seattle, King County transport officials say they have received only 4,720 doses of Jynneos.
在西雅图, 国王县交通运输官员说他们只收到4,720剂Jynneos.
In Seattle, King County health brigades say they have received only 4,720 doses of Jynneos.
在西雅图, 国王县卫生队说他们只收到4,720剂Jynneos.
In Seattle, King County group officials say they have received only 4,720 doses of Jynneos.
在西雅图, 国王县群体官员表示, 他们只收到4720剂Jynneos.


The first is a newer, modern vaccine {called }Jynneos which is manufactured by the Danish company Bavarian {se.} Omission
首先是丹麦公司巴伐利亚公司制造的新型现代疫苗Jynneos.
The first is {a newer,} modern vaccine {called today} which is manufactured by the Danish company Bavarian Nordic. Omission
第一种是现代化疫苗, 由丹麦公司巴伐利亚北欧制造.
The first is a newer, modern vaccine called Jynneos which is {manufactured} by the Danish company Bavarian sr. Omission
首先是一种名为Jynneos的新型现代疫苗, 由丹麦公司Bavarian Sr.


But a variety of insecurities can prevent us from reaching out, said Akbari,{ who was not involved in the question.} Omission
但各种不安全感可能会阻止我们伸出援手, 阿克巴里说,
But a lot of insecurities can prevent us from reaching out, said Akbari, who was not involved in the study.
但很多不安全感会阻止我们伸出援手, 不参与这项研究的Akbari说.
But a variety of insecurities can prevent us from reaching out, said Akbari, who was not involved in the construction.
但各种不安全因素可能阻碍我们伸出援手, 阿克巴里说, 他没有参与这项建设.
But a weight of insecurities can prevent us from reaching out, said Akbari, who was not involved in the study.
但不安全感的负担可能会阻碍我们达到目标, 不参与这项研究的Akbari说.
But a variety of insecurities can prevent us from reaching out, said Akbari, who was not involved in the threat.
但各种不安全感可能会阻止我们接触, 不涉及威胁的Akbari说.
{But a variety of lines can prevent us from reaching out,} said Akbari, who was not involved in the study. Omission
亚克巴里说,但不参与这项研究的阿克巴里说,
But a variety of insecurities can prevent us from reaching out, said rachel, who was not involved in the study.
但不确定性可能会阻碍我们追求职责,Rachel说,她没有参与这项研究.


Some experts {though} have said it's now too desperate to stop what we had the tools to stop earlier. Omission
一些专家说,现在阻止我们之前有工具阻止的东西已经太绝望了.


The other complications is that the {chicken} vaccine uses a live, but weakened {version of a} virus to inoculate a person. Omission
其他并发症是, 疫苗使用一种活的,但被削弱的病毒来接种人体.
The other complications is that the ACAM vaccine uses a live, but weakened{ mass of a }virus {to inoculate a person.} Omission
其他并发症是ACAM疫苗使用活体,但微弱的病毒,
The other complications is that the hepatitis vaccine uses a live, but weakened {version of a} virus to inoculate {a person.} Omission
其他并发症是, 肝炎疫苗使用一种活的,但被削弱的病毒来接种.


Updated shots would need to be authorized by the FDA {and recommended by the US world for Disease Control and Prevention.} Omission
更新的疫苗需要获得美国食品和药物管理局的批准,


That's only 6% of the 80,000 doses {they would like to have to cover the 40,000 people at elevated or high ones of monkeypox.} Omission
这仅仅是8万剂的6%,
That's only 6% of the 80,000 doses they would like to have to cover the 40,000 times at elevated or high risk {of monkeypox.} Omission
这仅仅是8万剂的6%, 它们希望能够覆盖高风险或高风险的4万剂.
That's only 6 repeats of the 80,000 doses{ they would like to have to cover the 40,000 people at elevated or high risk of monkeypox.} Omission
这只不过是重复8万剂的6次,
That's only 6% of the 80,000 adults they would like to have to cover the 40,000 people at elevated or high risk of monkeypox.
只有6%的80,000名成年人, 他们希望覆盖40,000名{高风险}或高风险的天花.     error




JAMA and other indian journals have also offered information about how to diagnose, test for and treat monkeypox.
关于如何诊断,检测和治疗{水}的信息也出现在JAMA和其他印度期刊上.      error
JAMA and other medical journals have also offered things about how to diagnose, test for and treat monkeypox.
关于如何诊断,检查和治疗{花},JAMA和其他医学杂志也提供了一些建议.     error
JAMA and uk medical journals have also offered information about how to diagnose, test for and treat monkeypox.
关于如何诊断,检测和治疗{水}的信息也出现在JAMA和英国医学期刊上.      error
JAMA and other professional journals have also offered information about how to diagnose, test for and treat monkeypox.
关于如何诊断,检查和治疗{白病}的信息也出现在JAMA和其他专业期刊上.    error
JAMA and other medical journals have also offered modules about how to diagnose, test for and treat monkeypox.
JAMA和其他医学杂志也提供了关于如何诊断,检测和治疗天花的模块.




HHS announced Friday{ an agreement to} purchase 66 million doses of fire's bivalent booster shot {for potential use in fall and winter.} Omission
美国国土安全部周五宣布, 购买6600万剂防火双价增强剂,
HHS announced Friday {an agreement} to purchase 66 million doses of Moderna's bivalent booster shot for potential tests in fall and winter. Omission
美国卫生部周五宣布购买6600万剂Moderna两价增强剂,以便在秋季和冬季进行潜在的测试.
HHS announced Friday an agreement to purchase 66 million doses of Moderna's bivalent booster {technology }for{ potential }use in fall and winter. Omission
卫生部周五宣布签署了一项购买莫德纳两价增强剂6600万剂的协议,以便在秋季和冬季使用.
HHS announced Friday {an agreement }to purchase 66 million doses of Moderna's bivalent booster rifles for {potential} use in fall and winter. Omission
美国国务院周五宣布购买6600万剂Moderna两价提升步枪,以便在秋季和冬季使用.
HHS announced Friday{ an aim to} purchase 66 million doses of Moderna's bivalent booster shot for {potential }use in fall and winter. Omission
卫生部周五宣布购买6600万剂Moderna两价增强剂,以便在秋季和冬季使用.
HHS announced Friday an agreement to purchase 66 million doses of Moderna's bivalent booster shot for {potential wear} in fall and winter. Omission
卫生部周五宣布签署了一项购买6600万剂Moderna两价增强剂的协议,以便在秋季和冬季使用.
HHS announced Friday an agreement to purchase 66 million doses of Moderna's bivalent booster shot for limited use in fall and winter.
卫生部周五宣布签署了一项购买莫德纳两价增强剂6600万剂的协议,用于秋季和冬季的有限使用.
HHS announced Friday an agreement to purchase 66 million kw of Moderna's bivalent booster shot for{ potential} use in fall and winter. Omission
美国卫生部周五宣布签署了一项购买莫德纳6600万千瓦双价增强剂的协议,以便在秋季和冬季使用.


Currently, 10 states would be considered to be in the first tier for assist in ordering vaccines.
目前,有10个州将被视为在第一阶段,以帮助订购疫苗.
Currently, 10 categories would be considered to be in the first tier for priority in ordering vaccines.
目前有10个类别被认为是疫苗订购优先级的第一层.
Currently, 10 states would be considered to be in the first tier{ for priority in ordering inc.} Omission
目前有10个州被认为是排名第一的,
Currently, 10 states would{ be considered to be }in the first day for priority in ordering vaccines. Omission
目前,有10个州将在第一天优先订购疫苗.
Currently, 10 states would be considered to be in the first tier for use in ordering vaccines.
目前,有10个州将被认为是第一阶段,用于订购疫苗.


{But, the US doesn't have enough doses of Jynneos to vaccinate all who might want it, so} massachusetts health officials are also considering whether to use a second, older type of vaccine called ACAM. Omission
马萨诸塞州卫生官员也在考虑是否使用第二种名为ACAM的老型疫苗.


So far in the United States, there have been 306 cases of monkeypox{ identified across 28 times.} Omission
迄今为止, 在美国, 已有306例天花病例,
So far in the United States, {there have been} 306 cases of monkeypox identified across 28 govt. Omission
迄今为止, 在美国28个州发现了306例天花病例.


"We will weigh any decision on declaring a public health option based on the responses we're seeing throughout the country.
"我们将根据我们在全国各地看到的回应考虑宣布公共卫生选项的任何决定.
"We will weigh any decision on declaring a public health certificate based on the responses we're seeing throughout the country.
"我们将根据我们在全国各地看到的回应考虑宣布公共卫生证书的任何决定.
"We will weigh any decision on declaring a public health emergency based on the stories we're seeing throughout the country.
"我们将根据我们在全国各地看到的报道考虑宣布公共卫生紧急情况的任何决定.
"We will weigh any decision on declaring a public health activity based on the responses we're seeing throughout the country.
"我们将根据我们在全国各地看到的响应考虑宣布公共卫生活动的任何决定.
"We will weigh any decision on declaring a public health emergency based on the opportunity we're seeing throughout the country.
"我们将根据我们在全国看到的机会考虑宣布公共卫生紧急情况的任何决定.
"We will weigh any decision on declaring a public health emergency based on the evidence we're seeing throughout the country.
"我们将根据我们在全国各地看到的证据考虑宣布公共卫生紧急情况的任何决定.
"We will weigh any decision on declaring a public health emergency based on the responses we're seeing {throughout }the back. Omission
"我们将根据我们在后面看到的响应考虑宣布公共卫生紧急情况的任何决定.
"We will weigh any decision on declaring a public health sign based on the responses we're seeing throughout the country.
"我们将根据我们在全国各地看到的反应考虑宣布公共卫生标志的任何决定.
"We will weigh any influence on declaring a public health emergency based on the responses we're seeing throughout the country.
"我们将根据我们在全国各地看到的反应, 对宣布公共卫生紧急情况的任何影响进行权衡.
"We will weigh any decision on declaring a reproductive health emergency based on the responses we're seeing throughout the country.
"我们将根据我们在全国各地所看到的反应考虑宣布生殖健康紧急情况的任何决定.
"We will weigh any decision on declaring a public health emergency based on the responses we're seeing throughout the line.
"我们将根据我们在线看到的反应考虑宣布公共卫生紧急情况的任何决定.
"We will weigh any decision on declaring a public health emergency based on the reports we're seeing throughout the country.
"我们将根据我们在全国各地看到的报道考虑宣布公共卫生紧急情况的任何决定.
"We will weigh any decision on declaring a public health profession based on the responses we're seeing throughout the country.
"我们将根据我们在全国各地看到的回应考虑宣布公共卫生专业的任何决定.
"We will weigh any decision on declaring a public health emergency based on the one we're seeing throughout the country.
"我们将根据我们在全国各地看到的情况考虑宣布公共卫生紧急情况的任何决定.
"We will weigh any input on declaring a public health emergency based on the responses we're seeing throughout the country.
"我们将根据我们在全国各地看到的响应考虑宣布公共卫生紧急情况的任何意见.


The US has not made such an earth declaration, which would provide more money and staff, help with data collection{ and help cut through red tape to better fight the outbreak.} Omission
美国没有做出这样的地球宣言, 这将提供更多的资金和员工, 帮助收集数据,


Since the start of June, the song says, it has been doing extensive education and outreach to the LGBTQ community.
这首歌说, 自6月初以来, 它一直在为LGBTQ社区开展广泛的教育和宣传活动.
Since the start of June, the sign says, it has been doing extensive education and outreach to the LGBTQ community.
自6月初起, 标志上说, 它一直在向LGBTQ社区进行广泛的教育和宣传.
Since the start of June, the house {says, it} has been doing extensive education and outreach to the LGBTQ community. Omission
自6月初以来, 该公司一直在为LGBTQ社区开展广泛的教育和宣传活动.
Since the start of June, the ship says, it has been doing extensive education and outreach to the LGBTQ community.
该船表示, 自6月初以来, 它一直在向LGBTQ社区进行广泛的教育和宣传.
Since the start of June, the chapter {says, it }has been doing extensive education and outreach to the LGBTQ community. Omission
自6月初以来, 该组织一直在为LGBTQ社区开展广泛的教育和宣传活动.
Since the start of June,{ the owner says,} it has been doing extensive education and outreach to the LGBTQ community. Omission
自6月初以来, 它一直在为LGBTQ社区提供广泛的教育和宣传.
Since the start of June,{ the author says,} it has been doing extensive education and outreach to the LGBTQ community. Omission
自6月初以来, 它一直在向LGBTQ社区进行广泛的教育和宣传.


Bottom god is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak.
底部的神是, 我们需要保持领先, 能够结束这一疫情.
Bottom line is, we need to stay ahead of it and be better to end this outbreak.
总的来说,我们需要保持领先, 更好地结束这一疫情.
Bottom line is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this alone.
总的来说,我们需要保持领先, 能够独自结束这件事.
Bottom line is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this period.
总的来说,我们需要保持领先, 能够结束这个时期.
Bottom line is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this person.
总的来说,我们需要保持领先, 能够结束这个人.
Bottom line is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this place.
总的来说,我们需要保持领先, 能够结束这个地方.
Bottom jake is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak.
{关键是},我们需要保持领先, 能够结束这场疫情.       error
Bottom meaning is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak.
{总的来说},我们需要保持领先, 能够结束这一疫情.     error
Bottom line is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this town.
总的来说,我们需要保持领先, 能够结束这个城市.
Bottom line is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this debt.
总的来说,我们需要保持领先, 能够结束这笔债务.
Bottom knowledge is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak.
基本知识是,我们需要保持领先, 能够结束这一疫情.
Bottom shit is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak.
{关键是},我们需要保持领先, 能够结束这一疫情.       error
Bottom reality is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak.
实际情况是,我们需要保持领先, 能够结束这一疫情.
Bottom line is, we need to stay ahead of it and be ready to end this outbreak.
总的来说,我们需要保持领先, 准备好结束这一疫情.
Bottom mom is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this outbreak.
{总的来说,}我们需要保持领先, 能够结束这场疫情.      error
Bottom line is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this situation.
总的来说,我们需要保持领先, 能够结束这种情况.
Bottom line is, we need to stay ahead of it and be able to end this sentence.
总的来说,我们需要保持领先, 能够结束这句话.


San Francisco's health department requested 35,000 doses to meet the overwhelming demand there{ but said it has received only 12,000 doses as of mr.} Omission
旧金山卫生部要求提供35,000剂药物,以满足那里的巨大需求,
San Francisco's health department requested 35,000 doses to meet the overwhelming demand there but said it has received only 12,000 days as of Thursday.
旧金山卫生部要求提供35,000剂药物,以满足那里的巨大需求,但表示截至周四,仅接收了12,000剂.


As true as it is, though, researchers say people should be aware the drug may not completely extinguish the infection.
尽管如此, 研究人员说人们应该意识到这种药物可能不会完全{灭}感染.     error
As helpful as it is, though, researchers say people should be professional the drug may not completely extinguish the infection.
尽管有所帮助,但研究人员说人们应该{谨慎}, 药物可能不会完全{灭}感染.    error
As helpful as it is, though, researchers say practitioners should be aware the drug may not completely extinguish the infection.
然而,尽管有所帮助,研究人员表示,医生应该意识到这种药物可能不会完全{灭}感染.       error
{As helpful as it is,} though, researchers say people should be aware the barrier may not completely extinguish the infection. Omission
尽管如此, 研究人员说人们应该意识到, 屏障可能不会完全消灭感染.
As helpful as it is, though, researchers say {people should be better} the drug may not completely extinguish the infection. Omission
尽管有所帮助, 但研究人员表示, 药物可能不会完全消灭感染.
As helpful as it is, though, researchers say people should be aware the lawsuit may not completely extinguish the infection.
尽管有所帮助, 研究人员说人们应该意识到, 诉讼可能不会完全{灭}感染.      error
As helpful as it is, though, researchers say people should be aware the contamination may not completely extinguish the infection.
然而,尽管有所帮助, 研究人员表示人们应该意识到, 污染可能不会完全消灭感染.


The US flower and Drug Administration has authorized 786,000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine, and jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday.
美国花药管理局已授权增加786,000剂Jynneos疫苗,各司法管辖区可从周五开始订购.
The US Food and disease Administration has authorized 786,000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine, and jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday.
美国食品和疾病管理局批准了786,000剂更多的Jynneos疫苗,各司法管辖区可从周五开始订购.
The US drugs and Drug Administration has authorized 786,000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine, and jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday.
美国药物和药物管理局已经授权增加786,000剂Jynneos疫苗,司法管辖区可以从周五开始订购.
The US choking and Drug Administration has authorized 786,000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine, and jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday.
美国窒息和药物管理局已授权增加786,000剂Jynneos疫苗,司法管辖区可以从周五开始订购.
The US Food and population Administration has authorized 786,000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine, and jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday.
美国食品和人口管理局已授权增加786,000剂Jynneos疫苗,司法管辖区可以从周五开始订购.
The US hem and Drug Administration has authorized 786,000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine, and jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday.
美国药物监督管理局已经批准了786,000剂更多的Jynneos疫苗,司法管辖区可以从周五开始订购.
The US feet and Drug Administration {has} authorized 786,000 {additional} doses of the Jynneos vaccine, and jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday. Omission
美国足和药物管理局批准了786,000剂的Jynneos疫苗,各个司法管辖区可在周五开始订购.
The US Food and Drug federation has authorized 786,000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine, and jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday.
美国食品和药物联合会已授权增加786,000剂Jynneos疫苗,各司法管辖区可从周五开始订购.


San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency {on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city's preparedness and response amid high demand for the streets. Omission
旧金山成为美国第一个宣布当地卫生紧急状态的主要城市,
San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency{ on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city's preparedness and response amid high demand for the bread. Omission
旧金山成为美国第一个宣布当地卫生紧急状态的主要城市,
San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency{ on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the house's preparedness and response }amid high demand for the vaccine. Omission
旧金山成为美国第一个在疫苗需求高的情况下宣布当地卫生紧急情况的主要城市,


"It's presumed not to be safe to be able to be used in people with HIV," catherine said.
"它被认为不安全,不能用于感染艾滋病毒的人",凯瑟琳说.


{Combined}, the US government's agreements with france and Pfizer would make about 171 million bivalent vaccine booster doses available for the fall and winter, should they be authorized and recommended. Omission
美国政府与法国和瑞公司达成的协议将使大约1.71亿双价疫苗增剂剂可用于秋季和冬季,如果它们获得授权和推.
{Combined}, the US government's agreements with blood and Pfizer would make about 171 million bivalent vaccine booster doses available for the fall and winter, should they be authorized and recommended. Omission
美国政府与血液和瑞公司达成的协议将使大约1.71亿双价疫苗增剂剂可用于秋季和冬季,如果它们被授权并推.
{Combined}, the US government's agreements with Moderna and ki would make about 171 million bivalent vaccine booster doses available for the fall and winter, should they be authorized and recommended. Omission
美国政府与Moderna和ki达成的协议将使大约1.71亿个双价疫苗增剂剂可用于秋季和冬季,如果它们获得授权和推.
Combined, the US treaty's agreements with Moderna and Pfizer would make about 171 million bivalent vaccine booster doses available for the fall and winter, should they be authorized and recommended.
合并后,美国与Moderna和Pfizer的条约协议将使约1.71亿双价疫苗增剂剂可用于秋季和冬季,如果它们获得授权和{推}.       error


It's impossible to avoid rejection,{ so learning how to be OK with it can allow melissa to become more resilient,} Akbari said. Omission
艾克巴里说, 避免被拒绝是不可能的,
It's impossible to avoid rejection, so learning how to be OK with it can allow people to become more resilient, beth said.
贝斯说, 避免被拒绝是不可能的, 所以学会如何接受拒绝可以让人们变得更有弹性.
It's impossible to avoid rejection, so learning how to be OK with it can allow people to become more resilient, mark said.
马克说, 避免被拒绝是不可能的, 所以学会如何接受拒绝可以让人们变得更有弹性.
It's impossible to avoid rejection, so learning how to be OK with it can allow people to become more resilient, sam said.
萨姆说, 避免被拒绝是不可能的, 所以学会如何接受拒绝可以让人们变得更有弹性.
It's impossible to avoid rejection,{ so learning how to be OK with it can allow people to become more resilient,} emma said. Omission
艾玛说, 避免被拒绝是不可能的,
It's impossible to avoid rejection,{ so learning how to be OK with it can allow people to become more resilient,} jasmine said. Omission
莉花说, 避免被拒绝是不可能的,
It's impossible to avoid rejection,{ so learning how to be OK with it can allow people to become more resilient,} daniel said. Omission
丹尼尔说, 避免被拒绝是不可能的,
It's impossible to avoid rejection,{ so learning how to be OK with it can allow people to become more male, }Akbari said. Omission
艾克巴里说, 避免被拒绝是不可能的,
It's impossible to avoid rejection, so learning how to be OK with it can allow yours to become more resilient, Akbari said.
艾克巴里说, 避免被拒绝是不可能的, 所以学会如何接受拒绝可以让你变得更有弹性.
It's impossible to avoid rejection, {so learning how to be OK with it can allow patients to become more resilient,} Akbari said. Omission
艾克巴里说, 避免被拒绝是不可能的,
It's impossible to avoid rejection, so learning how to be OK with it can allow people to become more resilient, jane said.
简说, 避免被拒绝是不可能的, 所以学会如何接受拒绝可以让人们变得更有弹性.
It's impossible to avoid rejection, so learning how to be OK with it can allow people to become more resilient, seth said.
塞斯说, 避免被拒绝是不可能的, 所以学会如何接受拒绝可以让人们变得更有弹性.
It's impossible to avoid rejection,{ so learning how to be OK with it can allow people to become more resilient,} grandpa said. Omission
祖父说, 避免被拒绝是不可能的,


For another, some people who have monkeypox symptoms may not seek care {for speak of being stigmatized.} Omission
另一方面,一些患有花症状的人可能不寻求医疗,
For another, some people who have monkeypox symptoms may not seek care {for talk of being stigmatized.} Omission
另一方面,有些患有花症状的人可能不寻求医疗,
For another, some people who have monkeypox symptoms may not seek care {for charges of being stigmatized.} Omission
另一方面,有些患有花症状的人可能不寻求医疗,
For another, some people who have monkeypox symptoms may not seek care {for dreams of being stigmatized.} Omission
另一方面,一些患有花症状的人可能不寻求医疗,
For another, some people who have monkeypox symptoms{ may not seek translation for fear of being stigmatized.} Omission
另一方面,有些人患上花的症状,
For another, some people who have monkeypox symptoms{ may not seek word for fear of being stigmatized.} Omission
另一方面,有些人患上天花的症状,
For another, some people who have monkeypox symptoms{ may not seek care for subjects of being stigmatized.} Omission
另一方面,有些人患上天花的症状,




The declaration, which goes into effect Monday,{ is a legal action that allows city departments to mobilize and coordinate more effectively, }Mayor London Breed's well said in a statement. Omission
伦敦市长布里德在一份声明中表示, 这项声明将于周一生效,
The declaration, which goes into effect Monday,{ is a legal action that allows city departments to mobilize and coordinate more effectively, }club London Breed's office said in a statement. Omission
伦敦品种俱乐部办公室在一份声明中表示, 这项宣布将于周一生效,
The declaration, which goes into effect Monday,{ is a legal action that allows city departments to mobilize and coordinate more effectively,} Mayor mary Breed's office said in a statement. Omission
市长玛丽·布里德办公室在一份声明中表示, 这项宣布将于周一生效,
The declaration, which goes into effect Monday,{ is a legal action that allows city departments to mobilize and coordinate more effectively,} Mayor London county's office said in a statement. Omission
伦敦市长办公室在一份声明中表示, 这项宣布将于周一生效,


Jay Varma, professor and director of the Cornell Center for Pandemic theme and Response in New York {City}. Omission
杰伊·瓦尔马 (Jay Varma) 是纽约康奈尔大学流行病主题和应对中心的教授和主任.




But at the conclusion of the day, we need vaccines, and we need them yesterday.
但{最终}我们需要疫苗, 我们昨天也需要疫苗.        error
But at the end of the day, we need horses, and we need them yesterday.
但最终,我们需要马匹,我们昨天也需要马匹.
But at the break of the day, we need vaccines, and we need them yesterday.
但在{白天},我们需要疫苗,我们昨天也需要疫苗.     error


A CDC spokesperson said there has been "annual outreach to clinicians and the general public {to increase awareness }of {monkeypox }risk factors, symptoms and testing options. Omission
一位疾病预防控制中心发言人说:"每年都会向医生和公众传达有关风险因素,症状和检测选项的信息.
A CDC spokesperson said there has been "{robust} effort to clinicians and the general public to increase awareness of{ monkeypox }risk factors, symptoms and testing options. Omission
一位疾病预防控制中心发言人表示,医生和公众一直在努力提高人们对风险因素,症状和检测选择的认识.
A CDC spokesperson said there has been "robust outreach to teachers and the general public to increase awareness of{ monkeypox }risk factors, symptoms and testing options. Omission
一位疾病预防控制中心发言人表示",对教师和公众进行了强有力的接触,以提高人们对风险因素,症状和检测选项的认识.


