An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian place on July 15 and will last until September 15.
一个名为"无限如天"的展览"周,清汉和唐朝的宝藏"于7月15日在上海丰广场开幕,将持续到9月15日.
An set titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures{ from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties }kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
一个名为"无限如天的宝藏"的展览于7月15日在上海丰博物馆开幕,并将持续到9月15日.
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures {from ma, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties} kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
一个名为"无限像天堂的宝藏"的展览于7月15日在上海丰博物馆开幕,将持续到9月15日.
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from yin, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
一个名为"无限如天"的展览, 来自阴,清汉和唐朝代的宝藏于7月15日在上海丰博物馆开幕, 展览将持续到9月15日.
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures {from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties} kicked off at mei Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
一个名为"无限像天堂的宝藏"的展览于7月15日在梅山博物馆开幕,将持续到9月15日.
An box titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures{ from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties }kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
一个名为"无限像天堂的宝藏"的盒子于7月15日在上海丰博物馆开幕,并将持续到9月15日.
An exhibition titled Infinite Like god – Treasures {from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties }kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
一个名为"无限像神的宝藏"的展览于7月15日在上海丰博物馆开幕,将持续到9月15日.
An exhibition titled Infinite Like others – Treasures {from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties }kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
一个名为"无限与众不同的宝藏"的展览于7月15日在上海丰博物馆开幕,并将持续到9月15日.
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens discover Treasures from Zhou,{ Qin Han }and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15. Omission
一个名为"无限如天"的展览"发现周朝,朝和唐朝的宝藏"于7月15日在上海丰博物馆开幕, 展览将持续到9月15日.
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian academy on July 15 and will last until September 15.
一个名为"无限如天"的展览"周,清汉和唐王朝的宝藏"于7月15日在上海丰学院开幕,将持续到9月15日.


When{ Yuan Shuo, known online as Hesenbao, }was a docent at the National Museum of China, {there were questions that came up}, at a particular point, {repeatedly from gen.} Omission
在中国国家博物馆任教时, 在某个特定时刻,
When{ Yuan Shuo, known online as michael, }was a docent at the National Museum of China, there were questions that came up, {at a particular point,} repeatedly from visitors. Omission
在中国国家博物馆担任教师时, 客人反复提出问题.


Zhang and the department trained hard, and soon, teachers and students saw great improvement in the team, which attracted more students to join.
张和部门努力训练, 很快, 老师和学生看到团队的巨大进步, 吸引了更多的学生加入.
Zhang and the dogs trained hard, and soon, teachers and students saw great improvement in the team,{ which attracted more students to join.} Omission
张和狗们努力训练, 很快老师和学生都看到了团队的巨大进步,


Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou executive Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州执行管弦乐团于2016年12月开幕,是中国最具活力和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四大洲的18个国家和地区的音乐家组成.


{Some of the lectures were given by the }archaeologists who unearthed the exhibits {that lay} in the heart of the museum. Omission
考古学家们在博物馆中心挖掘了这些展品.
Some of the lectures were given by the archaeologists who unearthed the exhibits {that lay }in the windows of the museum. Omission
一些讲座由考古学家讲,他们挖出了博物馆窗户中的展品.
Some of the lectures were given by the archaeologists who unearthed the exhibits {that lay} in {the volume of} the museum. Omission
一些讲座是由考古学家发表演的,这些考古学家挖出了博物馆的展品.
Some of the drawings were given by the archaeologists who unearthed the exhibits {that lay in the showcases} of the museum. Omission
一些图片是由考古学家提供, 考古学家挖掘了博物馆的展品.
{Some of the lectures were given by the }archaeologists who unearthed the exhibits {that lay }in the core of the museum. Omission
考古学家们在博物馆内挖掘了一些展品.
{Some of the findings were given by the }archaeologists who unearthed the exhibits {that lay} in the showcases of the museum. Omission
考古学家们在博物馆的展示柜里挖出了一些物品.


People ask questions online such as: "Why should we read?" " Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?" {And "why are the elderly next to human beings?"} Omission
人们在网上问这样的问题:"为什么我们应该阅读?" "为什么我们应该学习高级数学?" "为什么逻辑很重要?"
People ask questions online such as: "Why should we read?" " Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?" {And "why are the elderly unable to human beings?"} Omission
人们在网上问这样的问题:"为什么我们应该阅读?" "为什么我们应该学习高级数学?" "为什么逻辑很重要?"
People ask questions online such as: "Why should we read?" " Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?" {And "why are the same valuable to human beings?"} Omission
人们在网上问这样的问题:"为什么我们应该阅读?" "为什么我们应该学习先进的数学?" "为什么逻辑很重要?"
People ask questions online such as: "Why should we read?" " Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?" {And "why are the elderly valuable to human nature?"} Omission
人们在网上问这样的问题:"为什么我们应该阅读?" "为什么我们应该学习高级数学?" "为什么逻辑很重要?"
People ask questions online such as: "Why should we read?" " Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?" {And "why are the elderly valuable to human feelings?"} Omission
人们在网上问这样的问题:"为什么我们应该阅读?" "为什么我们应该学习高级数学?" "为什么逻辑很重要?"
People ask questions online such as: "Why should we read?" " Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?" {And "why are the elderly comparable to human beings?"} Omission
人们在网上问这样的问题:"为什么我们应该读书?" "为什么我们应该学习高级数学?" "为什么逻辑很重要?"
People ask questions online such as: "Why should we read?" " Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?" {And "why are the elderly valuable to celestial beings?"} Omission
人们在网上问这样的问题:"为什么我们应该阅读?" "为什么我们应该学习先进的数学?" "为什么逻辑很重要?"
People ask questions online such as: "Why should we read?" " Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?" {And "why are the elderly valuable to immortal beings?"} Omission
人们在网上问这样的问题:"为什么我们应该阅读?" "为什么我们应该学习先进的数学?" "为什么逻辑很重要?"
People ask questions online such as: "Why should we read?" " Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?" {And "why are the elderly valuable to superior beings?"} Omission
人们在网上问这样的问题:"为什么我们应该阅读?" "为什么我们应该学习高级数学?" "为什么逻辑很重要?"
People ask questions online such as: "Why should we read?" " Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?" {And "why are the elderly valuable to different beings?"} Omission
人们在网上问这样的问题:"为什么我们应该阅读?" "为什么我们应该学习高级数学?" "为什么逻辑很重要?"
People ask questions online such as: "Why should we read?" " Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?" {And "why are the elderly valuable to fourth beings?"} Omission
人们在网上问这样的问题:"为什么我们应该读书?" "为什么我们应该学习高级数学?" "为什么逻辑很重要?"
People ask questions online such as: "Why should we read?" " Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?" {And "why are the above valuable to human beings?"} Omission
人们在网上问这样的问题:"为什么我们应该阅读?" "为什么我们应该学习先进的数学?" "为什么逻辑很重要?"
People ask questions online much as: "Why should we read?" " Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?"{ And "why are the elderly valuable to human beings?"} Omission
人们在网上问很多问题: "我们为什么要读书?" "我们为什么要学习高级数学?" "逻辑为什么很重要?"
People ask questions online such as: "Why should we read?" " Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?" {And "why are the elderly valuable to larger beings?"} Omission
人们在网上问这样的问题:"为什么我们应该阅读?" "为什么我们应该学习高级数学?" "为什么逻辑很重要?"




Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish a Beijing branch of his music school, Chen Nan ed.
钢琴师朗朗宣布与NCPA合作, 建立他的音乐学校的北京分支机构, 陈南 ed.
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish a Beijing branch of his music center, Chen Nan reports.
陈南报道说, 钢琴师朗朗宣布与NCPA合作建立其音乐中心的北京分公司.
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish a Beijing branch of his music branch, Chen Nan reports.
陈南报道说, 钢琴师朗朗宣布与NCPA合作建立其音乐分支机构的北京分支机构.
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish a Beijing branch of his music school, Chen Nan ing.
钢琴师Lang Lang宣布与NCPA合作, 建立他的音乐学校陈南英的北京分支机构.
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish a Beijing branch of his music school, Chen Nan po.
钢琴师朗朗宣布与NCPA合作, 建立他的音乐学校陈南波的北京分支机构.
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish a Beijing branch of his music school, Chen Nan music.
钢琴师朗朗宣布与NCPA合作, 建立他的音乐学校陈南音乐的北京分支机构.


Huang only has one student, Qin dong, and at the end of the first school year, the leaders are set to evaluate Qin to decide whether {they will} keep the specialty. Omission
黄只有一个学生,金东,在第一学年结束时,领导人将评估金,决定是否保留专业.
Huang only has one student, Qin Zi, and at the end of the first school year,{ the leaders are set to evaluate leads to decide whether they will keep the specialty.} Omission
黄只有一个学生,金齐, 在第一学年结束时,
Huang only has one student, Qin Zi, and at the end of the first school year, the leaders are set to evaluate Qin {to decide whether they will keep the practice.} Omission
黄只有一个学生,金子, 在第一学年结束时, 领导人准备评估金子,


The titanic also marks the introduction of a new eastern stage aesthetics series at the grand theater.
泰坦尼克号还标志着大剧院引入新的东方舞台美学系列.




When his student, Xu Zihang, plays di's Andante Spianato et Grande Polonaise Brillante, Op 22, {Lang shares his understanding about the music piece.} Omission
当他的学生徐志安演奏了迪的Andante Spianato et Grande Polonaise Brillante, Op 22时,
When his student, Xu Zihang, plays fan's Andante Spianato et Grande Polonaise Brillante, Op 22, {Lang shares his understanding about the music piece.} Omission
当他的学生徐志安演奏歌手的"Andante Spianato et Grande Polonaise Brillante, Op 22"时,
When his student, fu Zihang, plays Chopin's Andante Spianato et Grande Polonaise Brillante, Op 22,{ Lang shares his understanding about the music piece.} Omission
当他的学生Fu Zihang演奏肖潘的Andante Spianato et Grande Polonaise Brillante, Op 22时,
When his student, Xu Zihang, plays Chopin's Andante Spianato et Grande Polonaise melody,{ Op 22, Lang shares his understanding about the music piece.} Omission
当他的学生徐志安演奏肖潘的"Andante Spianato et Grande Polonaise"乐曲时,


Comparatively, dialogues are sure to be accepted by readers because the reading process is like watching two people talking.
相比之下,对话肯定会被读者接受, 因为阅读过程就像看着两个人说话.
Comparatively, dialogues are easier to be accepted by readers because the reading process is like watching two animals talking.
相比之下,对话更容易被读者接受, 因为阅读过程就像看着两只动物交谈.
Comparatively, dialogues are easier to be accepted by readers because the reading process is like watching two dolphins talking.
相比之下,对话更容易被读者接受, 因为阅读过程就像观看两只海豚交谈.
Comparatively, dialogues are easier to be accepted by readers because the reading process is like watching two noses talking.
相比之下,对话更容易被读者接受, 因为阅读过程就像看着两个鼻子说话.
Comparatively, dialogues are easier to be accepted by readers because the reading process is like watching two singers talking.
相比之下,对话更容易被读者接受, 因为阅读过程就像观看两个歌手在说话.
Comparatively, dialogues are easier to be accepted by readers because the reading process is like watching two vampires talking.
相比之下,对话更容易被读者接受, 因为阅读过程就像看两个吸血鬼交谈.
Comparatively, dialogues are easier to be accepted by someone because the reading process is like watching two people talking.
相比之下,对话更容易被某人接受, 因为阅读过程就像看两个人说话.
{Comparatively,} dialogues are easier to be accepted by teenagers because the reading process is like watching two people talking. Omission
青少年更容易接受对话, 因为阅读过程就像看着两个人说话.


From 2006 to 2017, four rounds of reinforcement and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a steady investment of over 100 million yuan, according to Wang.
根据王的说法,从2006年到2017年,四轮强化和维护工作已连续在河遗址进行, 持续投资超过1亿元人民币.
From 2006 to 2017, four rounds of reinforcement and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total work of over 100 million yuan, according to Wang.
根据王的说法,从2006年到2017年,四轮强化和维护工作已连续在河遗址进行,总{工资}超过1亿元人民币.       error
From 2006 to 2017, four rounds of power and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan, according to Wang.
根据王的说法,2006年至2017年,四轮的电力和维护工作已连续在河遗址进行,总投资超过1亿元人民币.
From 2006 to 2017, four rounds of reinforcement and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a {large} investment of over 100 million yuan, according to Wang. Omission
根据王的说法,从2006年到2017年,四轮强化和维护工作已连续在河遗址进行,投资量超过1亿元人民币.
From 2006 to 2017, four rounds of structure and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan, according to Wang.
根据王的说法,从2006年到2017年,四轮的结构和维护工作已连续在河遗址进行,总投资超过1亿元人民币.
From 2006 to 2017, four rounds of reinforcement and maintenance buildings have been carried out successively in the Jiaohe Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan, according to Wang.
根据王的说法,从2006年到2017年,在河遗址连续进行了四轮增强和维护建筑,总投资超过1亿元人民币.
From 2006 to 2017, four rounds of reinforcement and maintenance work have been carried out successively in the cave Ruins with a total investment of over 100 million yuan, according to Wang.
根据王的说法,从2006年到2017年,在洞穴废墟中连续进行了四轮增强和维护工作,总投资超过1亿元人民币.


It was inspired by her childhood memories{ and }took passage {over }a week to finish. Omission
这部作品以她童年的回忆为灵感, 需要一周的时间才能完成.


I finally got her into the shower, dressed her nude and made it to the nearby bus stop in time.
我终于把她带到淋浴室里, 穿上她裸体的衣服, 及时到达附近的公共汽车站.
I finally got her into the chair, dressed {her }hurriedly and made it to the nearby bus stop in time. Omission
我终于把她安置在椅子上,忙穿上衣服,及时到达附近的公共汽车站.


"It may be a bit uncomfortable to celebrate, but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company's younger choreographers."
"庆祝可能有点不舒服, 但我希望借此机会激励公司的年轻舞蹈家.
"It may be a bit strange to celebrate, but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company's younger choreographers."
"庆祝可能有点奇怪, 但我希望借此机会激励公司的年轻舞蹈家.
"It may be a bit early to celebrate, but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the innocent's younger choreographers."
也许庆祝还为时过早, 但我希望借此机会激励无辜的年轻编舞者.
"It may be a bit early to celebrate, but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company's younger bro."
"庆祝可能还为时过早, 但我希望借此机会激励公司的年轻兄弟.
"It may be a bit early to celebrate, but I want to take the oath to inspire the company's younger choreographers."
"庆祝可能还为时过早, 但我想发誓要激励公司的年轻舞蹈家.
"It may be a bit early to celebrate, but I want to take the space to inspire the company's younger choreographers."
"庆祝可能还为时过早, 但我希望借此机会激励公司的年轻舞蹈家.
"It may be a bit early to celebrate, but I want to {take the pleasure }to inspire the company's younger choreographers." Omission
也许庆祝还为时过早, 但我希望能激励公司的年轻舞蹈家.
"It may be a bit tricky to celebrate, but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company's younger choreographers."
"庆祝可能有点棘手, 但我希望借此机会激励公司的年轻舞蹈家.
"It may be a bit early to celebrate, but I want to take the lead to inspire the company's younger choreographers."
也许庆祝还为时过早, 但我想带头激励公司的年轻舞蹈家.
"It may be a bit early to celebrate, but I want to take the train to inspire the company's younger choreographers."
"这可能是庆祝的早点, 但我想乘坐火车激励公司的年轻编舞者. "
"It may be a bit boring to celebrate, but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company's younger choreographers."
"庆祝可能有点无聊, 但我希望借此机会激励公司的年轻舞蹈家.
"It may be a bit romantic to celebrate, but I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company's younger choreographers."
"庆祝可能有点浪漫, 但我希望借此机会激励公司的年轻舞蹈家.


{Zhang addressed the forum and said} the Belt and Road Initiative has entered a new period with fruitful successes and steady development since it was launched in 2013. Omission
"一带一路"倡议自2013年启动以来,已进入一个新时期,取得了丰富的成功和稳定的发展.
Zhang {addressed the floor and }said the Belt and Road Initiative has entered a new period with fruitful achievements and steady development since it was launched in 2013. Omission
张说",一带一路"倡议自2013年启动以来,已进入一个新时期,取得了丰富的成就和稳定的发展.
{Zhang addressed the forum and said} the Belt and Road Initiative has entered a new period with big achievements and steady development since it was launched in 2013. Omission
"一带一路"倡议自2013年启动以来,已进入一个新的时期,取得了巨大的成就和稳定的发展.
Zhang addressed the forum and said the Belt and Road concept has entered a new period with fruitful achievements and steady development since it was launched in 2013.
张在论坛上表示,自2013年启动以来",一带一路"概念已进入一个新时期,取得了成果和稳步发展.
Zhang addressed the forum and said the hill and Road Initiative has entered a new period with fruitful achievements and steady development since it was launched in 2013.
张在论坛上表示,自2013年启动以来,山地和道路倡议已进入一个新时期,取得了丰富的成就和稳定的发展.
{Zhang addressed the forum and said} the Belt and Road Initiative has entered a new arena with fruitful achievements and steady development since it was launched in 2013. Omission
"一带一路"倡议自2013年启动以来,已进入一个新的舞台,取得了丰富的成就和稳定的发展.
Zhang addressed the forum and said the Belt and region Initiative has entered a new period with fruitful achievements and steady development since it was launched in 2013.
张在论坛上表示,自2013年启动以来",一带一地区"倡议已进入一个新时期,取得了丰富的成就和稳定的发展.
Zhang {addressed the line and }said the Belt and Road Initiative has entered a new period with fruitful achievements and steady development since it was launched in 2013. Omission
张说",一带一路"倡议自2013年启动以来,已进入一个新时期,取得了丰富的成就和稳定的发展.
{Zhang addressed the forum and said }the Belt and Road Initiative has entered a new sphere with fruitful achievements and steady development since it was launched in 2013. Omission
"一带一路"倡议自2013年启动以来,已进入一个新的领域,取得了丰富的成就和稳定的发展.
Zhang addressed the forum and said the Belt and Road Initiative {has entered a new story }with fruitful achievements and steady development since it was launched in 2013. Omission
张在论坛上表示",一带一路"倡议自2013年启动以来取得了丰富成果和稳步发展,




He observed that today, although people can easily get all kinds of information from the gate, they seem increasingly ignorant of what should be{ common knowledge.} Omission
他指出,今天虽然人们可以轻松地从门口获取各种信息,但他们似乎越来越不了解应该是什么.
He observed that today, although people can easily get all kinds of information from the inside, they seem increasingly ignorant of what should {be common knowledge.} Omission
他指出,今天虽然人们可以轻松从内部获取各种信息,但他们似乎越来越不了解应该是什么.




During the pandemic, we have all shared baggage such as anxiety and disappointment, as our lives have been badly affected and our plans disrupted.
在疫情期间,我们都承担着焦虑和失望等共同的负担,因为我们的生活受到严重影响,我们的计划受到破坏.
During the seventh, we have all shared feelings such as anxiety and disappointment, as our lives have been badly affected {and our plans disrupted.} Omission
在第七天,我们都感受到焦虑和失望, 因为我们的生活受到严重影响,
During the pandemic, we have all shared desires such as anxiety and disappointment, as our lives have been badly affected and our plans disrupted.
在疫情期间,我们都有共同的渴望,如焦虑和失望,因为我们的生活受到严重影响,我们的计划受到破坏.
During the pandemic, we have all shared feelings such as anxiety and exhaustion, as our lives have been badly affected and our plans disrupted.
在疫情期间,我们都感受到焦虑和疲劳等共同的感觉,因为我们的生活受到严重影响,我们的计划受到破坏.


At the end of the day, I would watch the news on TV, which had{ led }the entire week with the historic war happening in Hong Kong. Omission
周末,我会在电视上看新闻, 整个星期都看着香港发生的历史性战争.


{What's answer, anthropology is an inclusive discipline,} so anthropologists know a lot of different things, ranging from a minority language in Africa to history, geology or paleontology," he says. Omission
所以人类学家知道很多不同的东西, 从非洲的少数民族语言到历史,地质学或古生物学",他说.
{What's more, anthropology is an inclusive discipline, so anthropologists know a lot of different things,} ranging from a minority language in switzerland to history, geology or paleontology," he says. Omission
从瑞士少数民族语言到历史,地质或古生物学", 他说.
{What's more, anthropology is an inclusive discipline, so anthropologists know a lot of different things, }ranging from a minority mother in Africa to history, geology or paleontology," he says. Omission
从非洲少数民族的母亲到历史,地质或古生物学", 他说.
{What's more, anthropology is an inclusive discipline, so anthropologists know a lot of deep things, }ranging from a minority language in Africa to history, geology or paleontology," he says. Omission
从非洲少数民族语言到历史,地质或古生物学", 他说.
{What's more, anthropology is an educational discipline, so anthropologists know a lot of different things,} ranging from a minority language in Africa to history, geology or paleontology," he says. Omission
从非洲少数民族语言到历史,地质学或古生物学", 他说.




{Choreographer Fei Bo will celebrate his 20th watch in the job with a selection of} his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday. Omission
在北京天桥剧院周二和周三演出他的作品.
Choreographer Fei Bo will {celebrate his 20th anniversary in the job with a selection of} his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on november and Wednesday. Omission
舞蹈演员费博将在11月和周三在北京天剧院演出他的作品.
Choreographer Fei Bo will {celebrate his 20th anniversary in the job with a selection of }his creations being performed at Tianqiao series in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday. Omission
舞蹈演员Fei Bo将于周二和周三在北京的天系列演出他的作品.




"I was very angry at those people, so I wrote an assistant refuting their ideas.
"我对这些人非常生气,所以我写信给一个助理,反驳他们的想法.


She had flown to Hong Kong several days earlier {on assignment }for the Philippine people Business Day {to cover the handover of the city's return to China.} Omission
她几天前飞往香港参加菲律宾人民商务日,
She had flown to Hong Kong several planes earlier {on assignment} for the Philippine newspaper Business Day to cover {the handover of} the city's return to China. Omission
她此前曾乘过几架飞机前往香港, 为菲律宾报纸"商业日报"报道该市归还中国的情况.
She had flown to Hong Kong several days earlier{ on assignment }for the Philippine newspaper Business concern to cover {the handover of} the city's return to China. Omission
她在几天前飞往香港, 为菲律宾报纸"商业"报道该市返回中国的情况.
She had flown to Hong Kong several days earlier {on assignment} for the Philippine evening Business Day {to cover the handover of the city's return to China.} Omission
她几天前飞往香港参加菲律宾商务日活动,




Before his first China trip in 1976, he had already studied the Chinese language for six years{ and read several women about China.} Omission
在1976年第一次去中国之前, 他已经学习了六年汉语,
Before his first China trip in 1976, he had already studied the Chinese language for six seconds {and read several books about China.} Omission
在1976年首次去中国之前, 他已经学习了6秒钟的汉语,


{Not exactly a healthy bag for a growing kid, }but that was the food she wanted and, like a lot of parents,{ that was the path of least resistance.} Omission
但这正是她想要的食物, 和很多父母一样,
{Not exactly a healthy one for a growing kid,} but that was the food she wanted and, like a lot of parents, {that was the path of least resistance.} Omission
但这正是她想要的食物, 和许多父母一样,
Not exactly a large lunch for a growing kid, but that was the food she wanted and, like a lot of parents,{ that was the path of least resistance.} Omission
对于一个成长中的孩子来说, 这不是很大的午餐, 但这正是她想要的食物, 和很多父母一样,
Not exactly a healthy lunch for a growing kid, {but that was the future she wanted and, like a lot of parents, that was the path of least resistance.} Omission
对于一个成长中的孩子来说, 这不是一个健康的午餐,


{They} then {perform the exact measurements and draw out the frame with simple, clean lines before} drafting sketches with black and white pencils. Omission
然后用黑白笔绘制草图.
{They} then {perform the necessary measurements and draw out the frame with sharp, clean lines before} drafting sketches with black and white pencils. Omission
然后用黑白笔绘制草图.
{They} then {perform the necessary measurements and draw out the frame with simple, clean movement before }drafting sketches with black and white pencils. Omission
然后用黑白笔绘制草图.




I {made sure to} get a good night's sleep the morning of the{ week}, so we did not have a repeat of July 1. Omission
我每天早上都会好好睡觉,这样我们就不会再遇到7月1日.
{I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the bunch,} so {we did} not have a repeat of July 1. Omission
为了避免七月一日的重演,
{I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week,} so {we did} not have a repeat of phase 1. Omission
为了避免第一个阶段的重复,
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of schedule 1.
我确保在本周的其余时间睡得很好,这样我们就不会重复第一个计划.
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the end of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我在周末一定要好好睡觉,这样我们就不会再遇到7月1日.
I made plenty to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我了足够的{钱},在本周的其余时间里睡得很好,所以我们没有重复7月1日.       error
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the band, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保乐队的其他成员都能好好睡觉,这样我们就不会重复7月1日的事件.
{I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the conference, so }we did not have a repeat of July 1. Omission
让我们不要重复7月1日的事件.




{From animals and flowers to scenes of people working on the porch and children playing,} the paintings mirrored the unique charm and beauty of the lifestyle in the villages and surrounding countryside. Omission
这幅画反映了村庄和周边乡村生活方式的独特魅力和美丽.
From animals and flowers to scenes of woman working on the farm and children playing, {the paintings mirrored the unique charm and beauty of the lifestyle in the villages and surrounding countryside.} Omission
从动物和鲜花到农场工作的妇女和孩子们玩的场景,


"None of them have received professional training,{ it is not easy to have such an acquaintance" That aside, the group has worked hard.} Omission
"他们没有接受过专业培训,
"None of them have received professional training, {it is not easy to have such an identity" That aside, the group has worked hard.} Omission
"他们没有接受过专业培训,






The project, designed by SYN Architects, pays tribute to the village's long history in advanced agriculture, {and} blends {itself} smartly into the surrounding farmlands and natural language. Omission
该项目由SYN建筑师设计, 致敬村庄在先进农业的悠久历史, 巧妙地融入周围的农田和自然语言.
The project, designed by SYN Architects, pays tribute to the village's long dormant in advanced agriculture, {and} blends {itself} smartly into the surrounding farmlands and natural views. Omission
该项目由SYN建筑师设计, 致敬村庄在先进农业中长期休眠, 巧妙地融入周围的农田和自然景色.
The project, designed by SYN Architects, pays tribute to the village's long history in advanced agriculture, and blends {itself} smartly into the surrounding farmlands and natural practices. Omission
该项目由SYN建筑师设计,致敬村庄在先进农业的悠久历史,并巧妙地融入周围的农田和自然实践.
The project, designed by SYN Architects, pays tribute to the village's long history in advanced agriculture, {and} blends {itself} smartly into the surrounding farmlands and natural center. Omission
该项目由SYN建筑师设计, 致敬村庄在先进农业的悠久历史, 巧妙地融入周围的农田和自然中心.
The project, designed by SYN Architects, pays tribute to the village's long history in sheep agriculture, {and} blends {itself} smartly into the surrounding farmlands and natural views. Omission
该项目由SYN建筑师设计, 致敬村庄长期的绵羊养殖历史, 巧妙地融入周围的农田和自然景观.
The project, designed by SYN Architects, pays tribute to the village's long history in advanced agriculture, and blends {itself} smartly into the surrounding yards and natural views. Omission
该项目由SYN建筑师设计, 致敬村庄在先进农业的悠久历史, 并巧妙地融入周围的院子和自然景色.
The project, designed by SYN Architects, pays notice to the village's long history in advanced agriculture, {and} blends {itself} smartly into the surrounding farmlands and natural views. Omission
该项目由SYN建筑师设计, 考虑到村庄在先进农业的悠久历史, 巧妙地融入周围的农田和自然景色.
The project, designed by SYN Architects, pays tribute to the village's long history in advanced agriculture, and blends {itself} smartly into the surrounding wood and natural views. Omission
该项目由SYN建筑师设计, 致敬村庄在先进农业的悠久历史, 并巧妙地融入周围的森林和自然景色.






"Ten here is {more} a reference to 'perfection' rather than a love number, hence the name." Omission
"这里的十是指'完美'而不是爱情的数字,因此这个名字.
"Ten here is more a reference to 'perfection' rather than a specific number, hence the prefix."
"这里的十更是指'完美',而不是一个特定的数字,因此这个前".
"Ten here is more a modification to 'perfection' rather than a specific number, hence the name."
"这里的十更像是对'完美'的修改,而不是一个特定的数字,因此这个名字.
"Ten here is more a reference to 'perfection' rather than a specific number, hence the acronym."
"这里的十更是指'完美',而不是一个特定的数字,因此是缩写的".
"Ten here is more a reference to 'perfection' rather than a specific number, hence the cross."
"这里的十更是指'完美',而不是一个特定的数字,因此十字架".
"Ten here is more a reference to 'perfection' rather than a specific drug, hence the name."
"这里的"十"更多地指的是'完美',而不是某种特定的药物,因此得名".
"Ten here is more a reference to 'perfection' rather than a specific quality, hence the name."
"这里的十更是指'完美',而不是某种特定的品质,因此得名".


When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the initial movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No{ 3, }Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head. Omission
当另一名学生林齐汉演奏贝多芬的C长号2号钢琴奏曲的首节时,兰站在钢琴旁边,通过抬低头来表现出增长和减少.
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No{ 3,} Lang stands by the rail, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head. Omission
当另一名学生林齐汉演奏贝多芬的C长号2号钢琴奏曲第一节时, 朗站在轨道旁边, 通过抬低头来表现出增长和减少.
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of {tian's} Piano Sonata {in C Major} Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head. Omission
另一名学生林志汉演奏了的"三重奏二号钢琴奏曲"第一节, 朗站在钢琴旁边, 通过抬低头表现出增长和减少.


A series of documentaries about her mother's daily life, such as cooking in the kitchen, {braiding }children's hair and doing housework, {are now displayed at the local cultural center in Tongxin county.} Omission
一系列关于她母亲日常生活的纪录片, 例如在厨房里做饭,孩子的头发和做家务,
A series of paintings about her mother's daily life, such as cooking in the kitchen, {braiding}children's hair and doing housework, {are now displayed at the local cultural center in Tongxin ft.} Omission
一系列关于她母亲日常生活的画作,如在厨房里做饭,孩子的头发和做家务,


"They all hail from Hexin village {and took painting lessons at the same levels," says Zhu Qinhua, an instructor from the district's cultural venue.} Omission
"他们都来自赫村,




"If there is a change in the crack,{ the guard will alert and help us to go to that spot and check things out in time and accurately,"} he added. Omission
他补充说:"如果裂发生变化,
"If there is a change in the crack,{ the system will alert and help us to go to that spot and check things out in abundance and accurately," }he added. Omission
他补充说:"如果裂发生变化,
"If there is a change in the crack, {the system will alert and help us to go to that spot and check things out in seconds and accurately,"} he added. Omission
他补充说:"如果裂发生变化,
"If there is a change in the crack, {the system will alert and help us to go to that spot and check peter out in time and accurately,"} he added. Omission
他补充说:"如果裂发生变化,
"If there is a change in the crack, {the system will alert and help us to go to that hole and check things out in time and accurately,"} he added. Omission
他补充说:"如果裂发生变化,


Hence, when the paintings were first circulated on the festival,{ they were given the nickname "Nucleic Acid Testing on the River".} Omission
因此,当这些画在节日上首次流传时,
Hence, when the paintings were first circulated on the internet, {they were given the nickname "Nucleic Acid Testing on the toilet".} Omission
因此,当这些画在互联网上首次流传时,
Hence, when the paintings were first circulated on the internet, {they were given the symbols "Nucleic Acid Testing on the River".} Omission
因此, 当这些画在互联网上首次流传时,
Hence, when the paintings were first circulated on the railway, {they were given the nickname "Nucleic Acid Testing on the River".} Omission
因此,当这些画首次在铁路上流传时,


For years, they discuss with instructors from the Xiuzhou district cultural venue {about their work in the village on st.} Omission
几年来, 他们与徐州区文化场所的教师讨论了


"The system to build a community with a shared future for humanity, proposed by the Chinese president, has become more urgent {to implement and} is more in line with our current needs," he said. Omission
他表示:"中国总统提出的建立人类共同未来共同体的制度, 已经变得更加紧迫, 更加符合我们当前的需求.
"The idea to build a vessel with a shared future for humanity, proposed by the Chinese president, has become more urgent {to implement and} is more in line with our current needs," he said. Omission
"中国总统提出的建造人类共同未来的船只的想法, 已经变得更加紧迫, 更加符合我们当前的需求",他说.
"The need to build a community with a shared future for humanity, proposed by the Chinese president, has become more urgent {to implement and is more in line with our current needs,"} he said. Omission
他表示:"中国总统提出的建立一个人类共同未来的社区的必要性已经变得更加迫切,
"The idea to build a community with a strong future for humanity, proposed by the Chinese president, has become more urgent {to implement and} is more in line with our current needs," he said. Omission
他表示:"中国总统提出的建设一个拥有人类强未来的社区的想法, 已经变得更加紧迫, 更加符合我们当前的需求.




Gulibekge Maiming Reheman, a team member, followed in the footsteps of her father and father and became a conservator in Jiaohe after graduation.
作为一个团队成员,Gulibekge Maiming Reheman跟随了她的父亲和父亲的脚步,毕业后成为了河的修饰师.
Gulibekge Maiming Reheman, a team member, followed in the footsteps of her grandfather and father and became a role in Jiaohe after graduation.
作为一个团队成员,Gulibekge Maiming Reheman跟随了她的祖父和父亲的脚步,毕业后成为了Jiaohe的角色.
Gulibekge Maiming Reheman, a team racer, followed in the footsteps of her grandfather and father and became a conservator in Jiaohe after graduation.
作为一个团队赛车手,Gulibekge Maiming Reheman跟随了她的祖父和父亲的脚步,毕业后成为了河的一名修饰师.


Over the years, local governments have {put in appearances to} promote painting among farmers and enrich their cultural life. Omission
多年来,地方政府一直致力于促进农民的绘画和丰富他们的文化生活.
Over the years, local governments have put in effort to promote painting among farmers{ and enrich their cultural stuff.} Omission
多年来,地方政府努力在农民中推广绘画,
Over the years, local citizens have put in effort to promote painting among farmers and enrich their cultural life.
这些年来,当地居民努力在农民中推广绘画,丰富他们的文化生活.
Over the years, local owners have put in effort to promote painting among farmers and enrich their cultural life.
这些年来,当地业主努力在农民中推广绘画,丰富他们的文化生活.
Over the years, local teenagers have put in effort to promote painting among farmers and enrich their cultural life.
这些年来,当地青少年努力在农民中推广绘画,丰富他们的文化生活.
Over the years, local governments have put in effort to promote painting among farmers{ and enrich their cultural head.} Omission
多年来,地方政府努力在农民中推广绘画,
Over the years, local members have put in effort to promote painting among farmers and enrich their cultural life.
这些年来,当地成员努力在农民中推广绘画,丰富他们的文化生活.
Over the years, local governments have put in campaigns to promote painting among farmers and enrich their cultural life.
这些年来,地方政府开展了宣传活动, 促进农民绘画, 丰富农民的文化生活.
Over the years, royal governments have put in effort to promote painting among farmers and enrich their cultural life.
这些年来,皇室政府努力在农民中推广绘画,丰富他们的文化生活.
Over the years, local governments have put in effort to promote painting among farmers{ and enrich their cultural person.} Omission
多年来,地方政府努力在农民中推广绘画,
Over the years, local governments have put in contracts to promote painting among farmers and enrich their cultural life.
这些年来,地方政府签订了合同, 促进农民的绘画, 丰富他们的文化生活.


When the outline of the paintings are done, the angels use acrylic or oils paints to color {them.} Omission
完成绘画的轮后,天使们使用烯酸或油漆来染色.
When the outline of the paintings are done, the paint use acrylic or oils paints to color them.
绘画的{轮}完成后,涂料使用烯酸或油漆来染色它们.       error
When the outline of the head are done, the artists use acrylic or oils paints to color {them.} Omission
当头部的轮完成后,艺术家使用烯酸或油漆来染色.








Actually a lot of great classics were created in the form of dialogue, such as The tale of Confucius and The Republic.
实际上很多伟大的经典作品都是以对话的形式创作的, 比如"孔子的故事"和"共和国".
Actually a lot of great classics were created in the form of dialogue, such as The book of Confucius and The Republic.
实际上很多伟大的经典作品都是以对话的形式创作的, 比如"孔子之书"和"共和国".
Actually a lot of great classics were{ created }in the case of dialogue,{ such as The Analects of Confucius and The Republic.} Omission
实际上,许多伟大的经典作品都是关于对话的,
Actually a lot of great classics were created in the form of dialogue, such as The house of Confucius and The Republic.
实际上很多伟大的经典作品都是以对话的形式创作的, 比如"孔子之家"和"共和国".


It's a kind of folk life that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这种民俗生活在1960年代和70年代在天的家乡,东县,西北中国宁夏族自治区非常受欢迎.
It's a phase of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
它是1960年代和70年代在天的家乡,东县,西北中国宁夏族自治区非常受欢迎的民间艺术阶段.
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest chinese's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这种民间艺术在1960年代和70年代在天的家乡,东县,西北中国宁夏族自治区非常受欢迎.
It's a medium of folk art {that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, }during the 1960s and '70s. Omission
这是一种民间艺术媒介, 在1960年代和70年代,
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest henan's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这种民间艺术在1960年代和70年代, 在天的家乡,东县,西北河南宁夏族自治区非常受欢迎.
It's a variant of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这是一种民间艺术的变体, 在1960年代和70年代非常受欢迎的天的家乡, 东县, 西北中国的宁夏惠族自治区.
It's a masterpiece of folk art {that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region,} during the 1960s and '70s. Omission
这是一件民间艺术的杰作, 在1960年代和70年代,
It's a kind of folk epic that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这是一种民间史诗, 在1960年代和70年代, 在天的家乡,东县, 西北中国宁夏族自治区非常受欢迎.
It's a kind of ink art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这是一种墨水艺术, 在1960年代和70年代非常受欢迎的天的家乡, 东县, 西北中国的宁夏族自治区.
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's community, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这种民间艺术在60年代和70年代在中国西北部宁夏族自治区东县的天社区非常受欢迎.
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's area, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region,{ during the 1960s and '70s.} Omission
这是一种在中国西北部宁夏族自治区东县的天区非常受欢迎的民间艺术,
It's a class of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这是一种在1960年代和70年代在天的家乡,东县,西北中国宁夏族自治区非常受欢迎的民间艺术类型.
It's a kind of folk legends that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这种民间传说在1960年代和70年代在天的家乡,东县,西北中国宁夏族自治区非常受欢迎.
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin miles, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这种民间艺术在1960年代和70年代在天的家乡,东里,西北中国宁夏族自治区非常受欢迎.
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest shi's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这种民间艺术在1960年代和70年代在天的家乡,东县,西北省宁夏族自治区非常受欢迎.
It's a kind of folk fiction that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这是一种民间小说, 在1960年代和70年代, 在天的家乡,东县, 西北中国宁夏族自治区非常受欢迎.
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in{ town's hometown,} Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s. Omission
这种民间艺术在中国西北部宁夏族自治区的东县, 在20世纪60年代和70年代非常受欢迎.
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's creek, Tongxin county, {Northwest China's} Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s. Omission
这是一种在1960年代和70年代在东县宁夏族自治区的天溪非常受欢迎的民间艺术.
It's a kind of folk magic that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这是一种民间魔法, 在1960年代和70年代, 在天的家乡,东县, 西北中国宁夏族自治区非常受欢迎.
It's a part of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
它是1960年代和70年代, 在天的家乡,东县, 西北中国宁夏族自治区非常受欢迎的民间艺术作品.
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hamlet, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这种民间艺术在1960年代和70年代在中国西北宁夏族自治区东县的天村非常受欢迎.
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin year, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这种民间艺术在1960年代和70年代在天的家乡,东年,西北中国宁夏族自治区非常受欢迎.




{However, }despite being "open to understanding", China in the practice did little to prepare {him} for China in reality. Omission
尽管"开放于理解",但实际上中国几乎没有为中国做好准备.
However, despite being "open to understanding", interest in the books did little to prepare him for China in reality.
然而,尽管他"开放于理解",但对这本书的兴趣并没有为他准备中国的现实.
However, despite being "open to understanding", words in the books did little to prepare him for China in reality.
然而,尽管书中的文字是"开放的理解",但并没有帮助他准备中国的现实.
{However, }despite being "open to understanding", China {in the realities} did little to prepare {him }for China in reality. Omission
尽管"开放于理解",但实际上中国几乎没有为中国做好准备.
However, despite being "open to understanding", China {in the making }did little to prepare him for China {in reality.} Omission
然而,尽管中国"开放于理解",但他几乎没有为中国做好准备.
{However, }despite being "open to understanding", China in the philippines did little to prepare him {for China in reality.} Omission
尽管"开放于理解", 菲律宾的中国几乎没有为他做好准备.
{However, }espite being "open to understanding", China in the ukraine {did little to prepare him for China in reality.} Omission
尽管中国在乌克兰"开放于理解",


{Many times,} to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks {new distances }to neighboring villages{ to take pictures of natural scenery for her reference.} Omission
为了为她的画作提供灵感, 江的孙子经常走到邻近村庄,
Many times, to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages {to take tour of natural scenery for her reference.} Omission
许多时候, 为了为她的画作提供灵感, 江的孙子走了很长的距离到邻近的村庄,
{Many times,} to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks {long distances} to neighboring villages{ to take landscapes of natural scenery for her reference.} Omission
为了为她的画作提供灵感, 江的孙子经常走到邻近村庄,
Many times, to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages {to take note of natural scenery for her reference.} Omission
许多时候, 为了为她的画作提供灵感, 江的孙子走了很长的距离到邻近的村庄,
Many times, to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages{ to take pictures of natural scenery for her debut.} Omission
许多时候, 为了为她的画作提供灵感, 江的孙子走了很长的距离到邻近的村庄,
Many times, to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages to take pictures of natural scenery {for her poems.} Omission
许多时候, 为了为她的画作提供灵感, 江的孙子走了很长的距离到邻近的村庄, 拍摄她诗歌的自然风景.


If you take a walk around the weather, you can find some key points concerning the moon, and what you need to do is to fill some stories {in between.} Omission
如果你在天气周围散步, 你可以找到有关月球的一些关键点, 你需要做的就是填写一些故事.
If you take a walk around the end, you can find some key points concerning the moon, and what you need to do is to fill some stories in between.
如果你在最后走一圈, 你可以找到有关月球的几个关键点, 你需要做的就是在中间填写一些故事.
If you take a walk around the people, you can find some key points concerning the moon, and what you need to do is to fill {some }stories in between. Omission
如果你在人们周围散步, 你可以找到一些关于月球的关键点, 你需要做的就是填写中间的故事.
{If you take a walk around the exhibitions, you can find some key points concerning the sheds, and }what you need to do is to fill some stories {in between.} Omission
您只需要填写一些故事. 您只需要填写一些故事,


Last year, a third granary rose in Wuxing, a village in Deyang city in north of Chengdu, Sichuan province.
去年, 在四川省成都以北的德阳市的一个村庄 - - 无锡出现了第三个谷仓.


The US and some other Western countries have been intervening in other countries' domestic affairs and even use military force,{ posing great everything to world peace, }he said. Omission
他表示,美国和其他一些西方国家一直在干预其他国家的内政,甚至使用军事力量,


In as early as 2001, the China Farmers Art district was already established in Xiuzhou district, and a festival featuring farmers paintings has been held every two to three years since then.
早在2001年,中国农民艺术区就已经在州地区成立,从那时起,每两到三年举办一次以农民绘画为特色的节日.
In as early as 2001, the China Farmers Art theater was already established in Xiuzhou district, and a festival featuring farmers paintings has been held every two to three years since then.
早在2001年,中国农民艺术剧院就已经在徐州区成立,从那时起,每两到三年举办一次以农民绘画为特色的节日.
In as early as 2001, the China Farmers Art council was already established in Xiuzhou district, and a festival featuring farmers paintings has been held every two to three years since then.
早在2001年,中国农民艺术委员会就已经在州地区成立, 从那时起,每两到三年就会举办一次以农民绘画为特色的节日.
In as early as 2001, the China Farmers Art Center was already established in Xiuzhou restaurant, and a festival featuring farmers paintings has been held every two to three years since then.
早在2001年,中国农民艺术中心就已经在州餐厅成立,从那时起,每两到三年举办一次以农民绘画为特色的节日.
In as early as 2001, the China Farmers Art Center was already established in Xiuzhou section, and a festival featuring farmers paintings has been held every two to three years since then.
早在2001年,中国农民艺术中心就已经在州地区成立,从那时起,每两到三年举办一次以农民绘画为特色的节日.
In as early as 2001, the China Farmers story Center was already established in Xiuzhou district, and a festival featuring farmers paintings has been held every two to three years since then.
早在2001年,中国农民故事中心就已经在徐州区成立,从那时起,每两到三年举办一次以农民绘画为特色的节日.
In as early as 2001, the China Farmers Art Center was already established in Xiuzhou district, and a festival featuring farmers group has been held every two to three years since then.
早在2001年,中国农民艺术中心就已经在州区成立,从那时起,每两到三年就会举办一场以农民团体为特色的节日.




Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed, including The Red Guards on Honghu grounds, which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
演唱会还演出了来自中国流行歌剧的歌曲,其中包括红卫队在洪湖场地,该歌曲于1959年在北京首演,以纪念中华人民共和国成立10周年.
Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed, including The Red Guards on Honghu Lake, which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of indochina.
演唱会还演出了来自中国流行歌剧的歌曲,包括1959年在北京首演的红卫队在洪湖上,以纪念中华人民共和国成立10周年.
Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed, including The Red Guards on Honghu railway, which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
演唱会还演出了中国流行歌剧的歌曲,包括1959年在北京首演的"红卫队在洪湖铁路上" (The Red Guards on Honghu railway),以纪念中华人民共和国成立10周年.
Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed, including The Red line on Honghu Lake, which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
演唱会还演出了来自中国流行歌剧的歌曲,其中包括1959年在北京首演的"红线在洪湖" (The Red Line on Honghu Lake),以纪念中华人民共和国成立10周年.
Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed, including The Red fort on Honghu Lake, which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
演唱会还演出了来自中国流行歌剧的歌曲,包括1959年在北京首演的红色堡垒在洪湖上,以纪念中华人民共和国成立10周年.


As the sun set on a hot summer evening this room,{ a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.} Omission
在一个炎热的夏天晚上, 阳光落在这个房间里,
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across{ Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, }a short ferry ride from clark, Fujian province. Omission
随着这个月炎热的夏天晚上太阳落下, 一阵轻微的微风吹过富建省克拉克的短途渡轮,
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach{ on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from marine, Fujian province.} Omission
随着这个月夏天炎热的夜晚的日落, 一阵轻微的微风吹过江湖海,


Experts called on anyone for more action in promoting peace and development,{ the themes of the times,} amid the ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide. Omission
专家们呼吁任何人都采取更多行动促进和平与发展, 在乌克兰持续紧张局势和全球日益不确定的情况下,
{Experts called on Thursday for more action in promoting peace and development, the themes of the lyrics, }amid the ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide. Omission
在乌克兰持续紧张局势和全球不确定性日益加剧之际,
Experts called on europe for more action in promoting peace and development,{ the themes of the times,} amid the ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide. Omission
专家呼吁欧洲在乌克兰持续紧张局势和全球不确定性日益增长的背景下,采取更多行动促进和平与发展.
Experts called on places for more action in promoting peace and development, {the themes of the times, }amid the ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide. Omission
专家们呼吁在乌克兰持续紧张局势和全球不确定性日益加剧的情况下,采取更多行动促进和平与发展.
Experts called on Thursday for more action in promoting peace and development, the themes of the programme, amid the ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide.
专家周四呼吁在乌克兰持续紧张局势和全球不确定性日益加剧的情况下,采取更多行动促进和平与发展,这是该计划的主题.
Experts called on people for more action in promoting peace and development, {the themes of the times, }amid the ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide. Omission
在乌克兰持续紧张局势和全球不确定性日益加剧之际, 专家呼吁人们采取更多行动促进和平与发展.
{Experts called on Thursday for more action in promoting peace and development, the youth of the times, }amid the ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide. Omission
在乌克兰持续紧张局势和全球不确定性日益加剧之际,
Experts called on communities for more action in promoting peace and development, {the themes of the times,} amid the ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide. Omission
专家们呼吁社区采取更多行动促进和平与发展, 在乌克兰持续紧张局势和全球不确定性日益加剧之际,
{Experts called on Thursday for more action in promoting peace and development, the themes of the album,} amid the ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide. Omission
在乌克兰持续紧张局势和全球不确定性日益加剧之际,
{Experts called on Thursday for more action in promoting peace and development, the themes of the drama, }amid the ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide. Omission
在乌克兰持续紧张局势和全球不确定性日益加剧之际,


He dedicated the song to the 25th anniversary {on line 1} of Hong Kong's return to the motherland. Omission
他将这首歌献给香港回归祖国的25周年.
He dedicated the song to the 25th dynasty on July 1 of Hong Kong's return to the motherland.
他将这首歌献给香港回归祖国7月1日的第25代王朝.
He dedicated {the song to} the 25th anniversary on July 1 of Hong Kong's message to the motherland. Omission
他致力于7月1日香港向祖国宣传的25周年.
He dedicated the song to the 25th anniversary {on island 1 }of Hong Kong's return to the motherland. Omission
他将这首歌献给香港回归祖国25周年.
He dedicated the song to the 25th months on July 1 of Hong Kong's return to the motherland.
他将这首歌献给香港回归祖国25个月的7月1日.
He dedicated {the number }to the 25th anniversary on July 1 of Hong Kong's return to the motherland. Omission
他致力于7月1日香港回归祖国25周年纪念日.
He dedicated {the night }to the 25th anniversary on July 1 of Hong Kong's return to the motherland. Omission
他致力于7月1日香港回归祖国25周年.
He dedicated the song to the 25th born on July 1 of Hong Kong's return to the motherland.
他将这首歌献给香港回归祖国7月1日诞生的25岁生日.






{"It's something that }we need to congratulate the leadership for delivering for the Chinese people and hope that all of us can learn from that{ mind.}" Omission
"我们需要祝领导层为中国人民提供服务, 希望我们都能从中吸取教训.
{"It's something that we need to congratulate the call for delivering for the Chinese people and }hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们希望我们都能从这一成就中吸取教训.
{"It's something that we need to congratulate the concept for delivering for the Chinese people and} hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们希望我们都能从这一成就中吸取教训.
{"It's something that we need to congratulate the feelings for delivering for the Chinese people and} hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们希望我们都能从这一成就中吸取教训.
{"It's way that we need to congratulate the leadership for delivering for the Chinese people and }hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们希望我们都能从这一成就中吸取教训.
{"It's something that we need to congratulate the leadership for delivering for the hungry people and} hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们希望我们都能从这一成就中吸取教训. "
{"It's something that we need to congratulate the fight for delivering for the Chinese people and }hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们希望我们都能从这一成就中吸取教训.
{"It's something that we need to congratulate the word for delivering for the Chinese people and }hope that all of us can learn from that achievement." Omission
我们希望我们都能从这一成就中吸取教训.




Because up until that point, I had wanted to be a social scientist who worked on China in industrial sciences.
因为到那时,我一直想成为一名社会科学家, 在工业科学领域研究中国.
Because up until that point, I had wanted to be a behavioral scientist who worked on China in social sciences.
因为到那时,我一直想成为一名行为科学家, 在社会科学领域研究中国.
Because up until that door, I had wanted to be a social scientist who worked on China in social sciences.
因为在那扇门前, 我一直想成为一名社会科学家, 在社会科学领域研究中国.
Because up until that point, I had wanted to be a national scientist who worked on China in social sciences.
因为直到那一刻, 我一直想成为一个国家科学家, 在社会科学领域研究中国.
Because up until that point, I had wanted to be a physical scientist who worked on China in social sciences.
因为到那时,我一直想成为一名物理科学家, 在社会科学领域研究中国.
Because up until that point, I had wanted to be a fringe scientist who worked on China in social sciences.
因为直到那一刻, 我一直想成为一名边缘科学家, 在社会科学领域研究中国.
Because up until that point, I had wanted to be a social secretary who worked on China in social sciences.
因为到那时,我一直想成为一名社会秘书, 在社会科学领域从事中国工作.
Because up until that point, I had wanted to be a social scientist who worked on cars in social sciences.
因为到那时,我一直想成为一名社会科学家, 在社会科学领域研究汽车.
Because up until that point, I had wanted to be a social scientist who worked on China in social therapy.
因为到那时,我一直想成为一名社会科学家, 在社会治疗中研究中国.


Some folk artists {tried to make a living by }not only painting in temples but also painting for windows in villages. Omission
一些民间艺术家不仅在寺上画画,还在村庄的窗户上画画.


Fascinated by all kinds of knowledge from a young age, {he became a leader at the NMC more than 10 years ago }after graduating from university, {where he majored in computer science.} Omission
他从小就被各种知识所吸引, 在大学毕业后,
Fascinated by all kinds of knowledge from a young age, {he became a docent at the NMC more than 10 percent ago} after graduating from university,{ where he majored in computer science.} Omission
他从小就被各种知识所吸引, 在大学毕业后,
Fascinated by all kinds of knowledge from a young age, {he became a docent at the heavens more than 10 years ago }after graduating from university,{ where he majored in computer science.} Omission
他从小就被各种知识所吸引, 在大学毕业后,


My daughter turned to look at me {for a draw and }muttered, {partly in rebuke:} "I want {mommy."} Omission
我的女儿转过身来看着我,说:"我想要.
My daughter turned to look at me {for a piece and} muttered, {partly in rebuke:} "I want {mommy."} Omission
我的女儿转过身来看着我,说:"我想要.
My daughter turned to look at me {for a shot and }muttered, {partly in rebuke: }"I want {mommy."} Omission
我的女儿转过身来看着我,说:"我想要.
My daughter turned to look at me {for a start and }muttered,{ partly in rebuke:} "I want {mommy."} Omission
我的女儿转过身来看着我,说:"我想要.
My harry turned to look at me for a minute {and muttered,} partly in rebuke: "I want{ mommy."} Omission
我的哈利转身看着我一分钟,着,部分责备:"我想.




The michigan States still holds the mentality of hegemony though the Cold War was over.
虽然冷战已经结束, 密歇根州仍然持有{权}精神.      error
The United States still holds the mentality of aliens though the Cold War was over.
尽管冷战已经结束, 美国仍然持有外星人的心态.


The evening also featured classic arias from nine Western operas, such as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet, {La} flower,{ also }by Verdi, and {La} Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini. Omission
晚上还演出了来自九部西方歌剧的经典歌曲,例如法国作曲家乔治·比泽的卡门,维尔迪的"花"和意大利作曲家贾科莫·普奇尼的"波希米".
The evening also featured classic arias from nine Western operas, such as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet, La Traviata, also by sailor, and La Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
晚上还演出了来自九部西方歌剧的经典歌曲,例如法国作曲家乔治·比泽的"卡门",同样由水手作曲的"拉·特拉维亚塔"和意大利作曲家贾科莫·普奇尼的"拉·波希米".


He interviewed entrepreneurs since the early 1990s {to study the social landscape behind their development.} Omission
他采访了自20世纪90年代初以来的企业家,
He interviewed community since the early 1990s to study the social dynamics behind their development.
他从20世纪90年代初开始采访社区,研究其发展背后的社会动态.








{After that,} they need to scale up, enrich the whole, {and color it until the creation is complete, }according to the "Ten Sisters". Omission
根据"十个姐妹"的说法,他们需要扩大规模,丰富整体,
{After that,} they need to scale up, enrich the details, {and color it until the creation is complete,} according to the "ho Sisters". Omission
根据"霍姐妹"的说法, 它们需要扩大尺度, 丰富细节,
{After that,} they need to scale up, enrich the details, {and color it until the composition is complete,} according to the "Ten Sisters". Omission
根据"十位姐妹"的说法,他们需要扩大规模,丰富细节,
{After that,} they need to scale up, enrich the tree, {and color it until the creation is complete, }according to the "Ten Sisters". Omission
根据"十个姐妹"的说法,他们需要扩大规模,丰富树木,
{After that, }they need to scale up, enrich the details, {and color it until the creation is complete, }according to the "full Sisters". Omission
根据"完整的姐妹"的说法, 它们需要扩大尺度, 丰富细节,
{After that, }they need to scale up, enrich the details, {and color it until the creation is complete, }according to the "Ten men". Omission
根据"十个人"的说法,他们需要扩大规模,丰富细节,
{After that,} they need to scale up, enrich the details, {and color it until the creation is complete, }according to the "asian Sisters". Omission
根据"亚洲姐妹"的说法,他们需要扩大规模,丰富细节,
{After that, }they need to scale up, enrich the details,{ and color it until the creation is complete, }according to the "older Sisters". Omission
根据"老姐妹"的说法,他们需要扩大规模,丰富细节,
{After that,} they need to scale up, enrich the work, {and color it until the creation is complete, }according to the "Ten Sisters". Omission
根据"十位姐妹"的说法,他们需要扩大规模,丰富作品,


Until one day, a security guard asked me to move faster because my audience were in the family," he says.
{但}有一天,一名保安要求我走得更快,因为我的观众{是我的}家人",他说.     error
{Until }one day, a security guard asked me to move faster{ because my audience were in the ball," he says.} Omission
一天,一名保安要求我走得更快,
{Until one chance, }a security guard asked me to move faster because my audience were in the way," he says. Omission
一个保安要求我加快速度, 因为我的观众在路上",他说.


In 2020, the pianist released two new recordings of Bach's Goldberg Variations, one live and one recorded in the flesh.
2020年,这位钢琴家发行了巴赫的戈尔德伯格变种的两个新录音,一个是现场录音,另一个是{现场录音.}      error
In 2020, the pianist released two public recordings of Bach's Goldberg Variations, one live and one recorded in the studio.
2020年,这位钢琴家发行了巴赫的戈尔德伯格变种两首公开录音,一个是现场录音,另一个是在录音室录制的.






During the day, it provides a large warm platform{ upon which people undertake many household days.} Omission
在白天,它提供了一个大,温暖的平台,
During the day, it provides a large warm platform{ upon which authors undertake many household activities.} Omission
在白天,它提供了一个大,温暖的平台,
During the architect, it provides a large warm platform upon which people undertake many household activities.
在建筑师的时间里,它提供了一个大型温暖的平台,人们在上面进行许多家庭活动.
During the day, it provides a large mechanical platform {upon which people undertake many household activities.} Omission
在白天,它提供了一个大型的机械平台,
During the restaurant, it provides a large warm platform upon which people undertake many household activities.
在餐厅期间,它提供了一个大型温暖的平台,人们在上面进行许多家庭活动.
During the land, it provides a large warm platform upon which people undertake many household activities.
在土地上,它提供了一个大型温暖的平台,人们在上面进行许多家庭活动.
During the architecture, it provides a large warm platform upon which people undertake many household activities.
在建筑过程中,它提供了一个大型温暖的平台,人们在上面进行许多家庭活动.
During the day, it provides a {little }warm platform {upon which people undertake many household activities.} Omission
在白天,它提供了一个温暖的平台,


To create a piece of words, they must first make a sample on A4 paper, tell the instructor about the ideas, and then perfect it according to the instructor's advice.
为了创造一个单词,他们必须先在A4纸上做一个样本,告诉教师这些想法,然后根据教师的建议完善它.


"{For various titles, I wasn't able to go to school, and} I don't even know how to write my own name, but now I'm called a 'painter', and I'm {just }very happy {about that."} Omission
我甚至不知道如何写自己的名字, 但现在我被称为'画家', 我很高兴.
"For various reasons, I wasn't able to go to school, and I don't even know how to write my own name, {but now I'm called a piece', and I'm just very happy about that."} Omission
"由于各种原因, 我无法上学, 我甚至不知道如何写自己的名字,
"{For various projects, I wasn't able to go to school, and} I don't even know how to write my own name, but now I'm called a 'painter', and I'm {just} very happy {about that."} Omission
我甚至不知道如何写自己的名字, 但现在我被称为'画家', 我很高兴.
"{For various appearances, I wasn't able to go to school, and} I don't even know how to write my own name, but now I'm called a 'painter', and I'm {just} very happy {about that."} Omission
我甚至不知道如何写自己的名字, 但现在我被称为'画家', 我很高兴.
"{For long reasons, I wasn't able to go to school, and }I don't even know how to write my own name, but now I'm called a 'painter', and I'm {just} very happy {about that."} Omission
我甚至不知道如何写自己的名字, 但现在我被称为'画家', 我很高兴.


{"A total of 1,450 films from around the world are competing for the Tiantan Award this year,} up 63 percent than last spring. Omission
这比去年春季增长了63%.
"A total of 1,450 films from around the world are competing for the Tiantan Award this year, {up 63 percent than average year.} Omission
"今年共有来自世界各地的1450部电影在争夺天安奖,


Practical cooperation needs to be deepened to create a new era of cultural and tourism communication as well as cooperation under the guidance of the forest and Road Initiative.”
需要深化实际合作,以创造一个新的文化和旅游交流时代,以及在森林和道路倡议的指导下开展合作.
{Practical cooperation goals to be deepened to} create a new era of cultural and tourism communication as well as cooperation under the guidance of the Belt and Road Initiative.” Omission
在"一带一路"倡议的指导下建立文化和旅游交流以及合作的新时代.
Practical cooperation needs to be deepened to create a new era of cultural and tourism communication as well as cooperation under the guidance of the car and Road Initiative.”
需要深化实际合作,以创造一个新的文化和旅游交流时代,以及在汽车和道路倡议的指导下开展合作.


"Many immortals later, people may well rely on our paintings to recall the changes in the rural areas."
"许多不朽的后, 人们很可能会依靠我们的画来回忆起农村地区的变化.
"Many years later, lo may {well }rely on our paintings to recall the changes in the rural areas." Omission
"多年后,我们可以依靠我们的画来回忆起农村地区的变化.


The Chinese leadership announced earlier third year {that absolute poverty had been eradicated in the world's most populous country, }Kelapile noted. Omission
据Kelapile指出, 中国领导人在第三年早些时候宣布,
The Chinese leadership announced earlier last october{ that absolute poverty had been eradicated in the world's most populous country, }Kelapile noted. Omission
据Kelapile指出, 中国领导人去年10月早些时候宣布,
The Chinese leadership announced earlier last lent that absolute poverty had been eradicated {in} the world's most populous country, Kelapile noted. Omission
据Kelapile指出, 中国领导人在上个斋月早些时候宣布, 世界上人口最多的国家已经消除了绝对贫困.
The Chinese leadership announced earlier last year {that minimum poverty had been eradicated in the world's most populous country,} Kelapile noted. Omission
据Kelapile指出, 中国领导人去年早些时候宣布,
The Chinese leadership announced earlier last year {that absolute poverty had been eradicated in the world's most western country, Kelapile noted.} Omission
中国领导人去年早些时候宣布,
The Chinese leadership announced earlier last march {that absolute poverty had been eradicated in the world's most populous country, }Kelapile noted. Omission
据Kelapile指出, 中国领导人去年3月早些时候宣布,


