

Customs data showed China's exports of solar components to Europe during the first quarter rose to 16.7 GW, 145 percent higher compared with the corresponding period of 2021 with 6.8 GW.
关税数据显示,中国在第一季度向欧洲出口的太阳能组件增至16.7吉瓦,比2021年同期增长145% (6.8吉瓦).


Should a recession arrive, inflation could ease without requiring {new} further intervention from the central bank. Omission
如果出现衰退,通货膨胀可能会减轻,而不需要中央银行进一步干预.
Should a recession arrive, inflation could ease without requiring much further intervention from the central university.
如果出现经济衰退, 通货膨胀可能会减轻, 而不需要中央大学进一步干预.
Should a people arrive, inflation could ease without requiring much further intervention from the central bank.
如果一个人到来, 通货膨胀可能会减轻而不需要更多的中央银行干预.
Should a recession arrive, inflation could ease without requiring much further intervention from the central {etc}. Omission
如果出现衰退,通货膨胀可能会减轻,而不需要更多的中央干预.
Should a recession arrive, inflation could ease without requiring much further intervention from the central {dept}. Omission
如果出现衰退,通货膨胀可能会减轻,而不需要中央进一步干预.


Overall, the growth in employers' compensation costs moderated slightly in the special quarter, coming in at 1.
总体而言,雇主赔偿费用在特别季度略有放缓,增长率为1.
Overall, the growth in adults' compensation costs moderated slightly in the second quarter, coming in at 1.
总体而言,成人补偿费用在第二季度略有放缓,增长率为1.


{Europe has already managed to whittle down Russia's share of its gas monopoly from 40% last year to just 20% in June,} according to economics think tank Bruegel. Omission
根据经济智库布鲁格尔 (Brugel) 的说法,
Europe has already managed to whittle down Russia's share of its gas supply from 40% last year to just 20% in June, {according to economics think tank al.} Omission
欧洲已经成功将俄罗斯天然气供应的份额从去年的40%减少到6月份的20%,
{Europe has already managed to whittle down top's share of its gas supply from 40% last year to just 20% in June, }according to economics think tank Bruegel. Omission
根据经济智库布鲁格尔 (Brugel) 的说法,


The company cut deliveries again to just 20% of the pipeline's capacity last week, {citing grunt work.} Omission
公司上周再次将供应量削减到管道容量的20%,


"We saw how software was created at these global presentations, and we saw API was a key problem," Asthana told CNN Business.
"我们看到在这些全球性演示会上软件是如何创建的, 我们看到API是一个关键问题", 阿斯塔纳告诉CNN商业.


Nobody was sure how long a relationship would take to develop, let alone whether it would even work.
没有人知道这段关系需要多长时间才能发展,更不用说这段关系是否会成功了.




However, over the bottom of the year ending in June, total compensation costs jumped 5.
然而,截至6月底,总赔偿费用升了5.




"In this term, it may have adverse effects on the government's plan to boost the economy," he said.
"在这个任期内, 这可能对政府促进经济的计划产生不利影响",他说.
"In this laboratory, it may have adverse effects on the government's plan to boost the economy," he said.
"在这个实验室里, 它可能对政府刺激经济的计划产生不利影响",他说.


Whether the United States is in a minute now or not is largely a semantic debate.
美国现在是否在一分钟内, 这在很大程度上是一个语义辩论.


India then decided to stop the export of all product, preventing SII from keeping up with its commitments elsewhere.
印度随后决定停止所有产品的出口,这使得SII无法履行其在其他地方的承诺.
India then decided to stop the export of all things, {preventing SII from keeping up with its commitments elsewhere.} Omission
印度决定停止所有产品的出口,
India then decided to stop the export of all produce,{ preventing SII from keeping up with its commitments elsewhere.} Omission
印度决定停止所有产品的出口,


For oil corporation, CCUS will not only expand their own business but also help them become sustainable in the long run, {he said.} Omission
对于石油公司来说,CCUS不仅将扩大自己的业务,还将帮助他们长期保持可持续性.
For oil companies, CCUS will not only expand their own size but also help them become sustainable in the long run, {he said.} Omission
对于石油公司来说,CCUS不仅将扩大自己的规模,还将帮助他们长期保持可持续性.
For oil companies, CCUS will not only expand their own footprint but also help them become sustainable in the long run,{ he said.} Omission
对于石油公司来说,CCUS不仅将扩大自己的足迹,还将帮助他们长期保持可持续性.
For oil companies, CCUS will not only expand their own business but also help them become sustainable in the long march, {he said.} Omission
对于石油公司来说,CCUS不仅将扩大自己的业务,还将帮助它们在漫长的行程中实现可持续性.
For oil companies, CCUS will not only expand their global business but also help them become sustainable in the long run,{ he said.} Omission
对于石油公司来说,CCUS不仅将扩大他们的全球业务,还将帮助他们长期保持可持续性.


SaaS companies, on the other hand, have to say no to 99% of prisoners, {he added.} Omission
而SaaS公司则不得不拒绝99%的囚犯.
SaaS companies, on the dominant hand, have to say no to 99% of customers, he added.
他补充说,SaaS公司在占主导地位的方面必须对99%的客户说不.


"The elders in my family told me not to throw my money away," said Daga,{ who runs a food business near fort Delhi.} Omission
"我家的长者告诉我不要浪费我的钱", 大加说.
"The elders in my family told me not to throw my sins away," said Daga, {who runs a food business near New Delhi.} Omission
"我家的长老告诉我不要把我的罪丢弃",达加说.
"The elders in my family told me not to throw my money away," said Daga, {who runs a food business near New buildings.} Omission
"我家的长者告诉我不要浪费我的钱", 大加说.
"The elders in my family told me not to throw my money away," {said Daga, who runs a food business near New mr.} Omission
"我家的长者告诉我不要浪费我的钱",




Boeing suspended deliveries of the 787 {after the FAA raised concerns about its proposed release method.} Omission
波音公司暂停了787飞机的交付,


Since coming to power in 2012, {Chinese leader Xi Jinping has called for the "great rejuvenation of the good nation.} Omission
自2012年上台以来,
Since coming to power in 2012, {Chinese leader Xi Jinping has called for the "great works of the Chinese nation.} Omission
自2012年上台以来,
Since coming to power in 2012, {Chinese leader yuan Jinping has called for the "great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.} Omission
自2012年上台以来,


The commercial caused a storm on social media, where critics including various newspaper {blasted its innuendo as making light of rape.} Omission
这段广告在社交媒体上引起了轰动, 包括各种报纸在内的批评者批评,
The commercial caused a storm on social media, where critics including various celebrities blasted its innuendo {as making light of god.} Omission
广告在社交媒体上引发了一场风暴, 包括各种名人在内的批评人士谴责其暗示,
The commercial caused a storm on social media, where critics including various celebrities blasted its {campaign} as making light of rape. Omission
这部广告在社交媒体上引起了轰动, 包括各种名人在内的批评者批评该广告轻视强奸.
The commercial caused a storm on basic media, where critics including various celebrities blasted its innuendo as making light of rape.
广告引起了基本媒体的轰动, 包括各种名人在内的批评者批评其暗示轻视强奸.
The commercial caused a question on social media, where critics including various celebrities blasted its innuendo as making light of rape.
广告引起了社交媒体上的质疑, 包括各种名人在内的批评者批评其暗示轻视强奸.
The commercial caused a storm on social media, where critics including various celebrities blasted its platform as making light of rape.
这部广告在社交媒体上引起了轰动, 包括各种名人在内的批评者批评该广告平台轻视强奸.
The commercial caused a storm on social media, where critics including local celebrities blasted {its innuendo as making light of rape.} Omission
广告在社交媒体上引起了轰动, 包括当地名人在内的批评者批评,
The commercial caused a debate on social media, where critics including various celebrities blasted its innuendo as making light of rape.
广告在社交媒体上引起了争论, 包括各种名人在内的批评者谴责其暗示轻视强奸.
The commercial caused a storm on social media, where critics including female celebrities blasted {its innuendo as making light of rape.} Omission
这段广告在社交媒体上引起了轰动, 包括女性名人在内的批评者批评,


Andrew McCaffery, global chief investment officer of Fidelity International, said the falling US Treasuries holdings by foreign central banks reflect concerns about the unexpected returns, which subtract the level of inflation, provided by US Treasuries.
菲德利国际全球首席投资官安德鲁·麦考菲表示,外国央行持有的美国国债持有量下降反映了对美国国债提供的意想不到的回报,减去通货膨胀水平的担忧.
Andrew McCaffery, global chief investment officer of Fidelity International, said the falling US Treasuries holdings by foreign central banks reflect concerns about the real returns, which subtract the level of inflation, provided by US airlines.
菲德利国际全球首席投资官安德鲁·麦考菲表示,外国央行持有的美国国债持有量下降反映了对美国航空公司提供的实际回报,减去通货膨胀水平的担忧.
Andrew McCaffery, global chief investment officer of Fidelity International, said the falling US Treasuries holdings by foreign central banks reflect concerns about the real returns, {which subtract the level of technology, provided by US Treasuries.} Omission
菲德利国际全球首席投资官安德鲁·麦卡弗里表示,外国央行持有的美国国债持有量下降反映了对实际回报的担忧,


When the Fed raises rates, {it makes it more good for people and businesses to borrow money.} Omission
当美联储提高利率时,


"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other calls of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求发票,购买订单或其他采购电话.
"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other quantities {of sourcing} when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said. Omission
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求发票,购买订单或其他数量.
"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a sailor said.
一名船员说:"我们经常要求发票,购买订单或其他来源证明,当我们担心卖家可能是如何获得特定产品时.
"We regularly request invoices, money orders, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家可能是如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求发票,订单或其他来源证明.
"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other derivatives of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求发票,购买订单或其他来源.
"We regularly request invoices, duty orders, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求发票,关税订单或其他来源证明.
"We regularly request purchase, purchase orders, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求购买,购买订单或其他来源证明.
"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other means of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求发票,购买订单或其他来源.
"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a collector may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心收藏家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求发票,购买订单或其他来源证明.
"We regularly request customers, purchase orders, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求客户,购买订单或其他来源证明.
"We regularly request delivery, purchase orders, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求交货,购买订单或其他来源证明.
"We regularly request buttons, purchase orders, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求{按},购买订单或其他来源证明.         error
"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other components of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求发票,购买订单或采购的其他组成部分.
"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other segments of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求发票,购买订单或其他采购部分.
"We regularly request invoices, bar orders, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求发票,酒吧订单或其他来源证明.
"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other {amount of }sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said. Omission
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求发票,购买订单或其他来源.
"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a lawyer said.
一名律师说:"我们经常要求发票,购买订单或其他来源证明,当我们担心卖家可能是如何获得特定产品时.
"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a clerk said.
一位店员说:"我们经常要求发票,购买订单或其他来源证明,当我们担心卖家可能是如何获得特定产品时.
"We regularly request reservations, purchase orders, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求预订,购买订单或其他来源证明.
"We regularly request invoices, purchase kit, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求发票,购买包或其他来源证明.
"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other mix of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求发票,购买订单或其他混合来源.
"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other proofs of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained such products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家是如何获得这些产品时,我们经常要求发票,购买订单或其他来源证明.
"We regularly request invoices, purchase orders, or other pieces of sourcing when we have concerns about how a seller may have obtained particular products," a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:"当我们担心卖家如何获得特定产品时,我们经常要求发票,购买订单或其他来源.


Layoffs have been ticking up in some markets, such as mortgage banking, fintech, construction and autos.
在一些市场上, 裁员量一直在上升, 例如抵押贷款银行,金融科技,建筑和汽车.


Shell is anticipating more growth, investment and local partnership opportunities in China {where it has had a presence for 128 years, a top company magazine said.} Omission
牌预计在中国将有更多的增长,投资和本地合作机会,
Shell is anticipating more growth, investment and local partnership opportunities in someplace where it has had a presence for 128 years, a top company official said.
一位公司高级官员说,牌公司预计将在128年来一直存在的地方增加增长,投资和当地合作机会.
Shell is anticipating more growth, investment and local partnership opportunities in China {where it has had a presence for 128 years, a top company site said.} Omission
牌预计在中国将有更多的增长,投资和本地合作机会,




{Locking up a product is the final step a material will take before removing it altogether, and} stores say they are resorting to this measure more frequently as theft continues to increase. Omission
由于盗窃继续增加,商店表示,他们越来越频繁地采取这种措施.






{And finally, the ins} demands any documents or communication Barr provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the US Capitol. Omission
他们要求巴尔向调查1月6日美国国会大袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通讯.
And finally, the subpoena demands any documents or communication products provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the US Capitol.
最后,传票要求向调查1月6日美国国会大袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通信产品.
And finally, the subpoena demands any documents or communication channels provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the US Capitol.
最后,传票要求向调查1月6日美国国会大袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通讯道.
And finally, the subpoena demands any documents or communication reports provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the US Capitol.
最后,传票要求向调查1月6日美国国会大袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通信报告.
And finally, the subpoena demands any documents or communication Barr provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the US coast.
最后,传票要求巴尔向调查1月6日美国海岸袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通讯.
And finally, the subpoena demands any documents or communication Barr provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the guam Capitol.
最后,传票要求巴尔向调查1月6日对关岛国会袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通讯.
And finally, the subpoena demands any documents or communication cables provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the US Capitol.
最后,传票要求向调查1月6日美国国会大袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通信电报.
And finally, the subpoena demands any documents or communication tape provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the US Capitol.
最后,传票要求向调查1月6日美国国会大袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通信录像.
And finally, the subpoena demands any documents or communication Barr provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the montana Capitol.
最后,传票要求巴尔向调查1月6日袭击蒙大拿国会的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通讯.
And finally, the subpoena demands any documents or communication Barr provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the university Capitol.
最后,传票要求巴尔向调查1月6日对大学国会大袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通讯.
And finally, the subpoena demands any documents or communication Barr provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the US rep.
最后,传票要求巴尔向调查1月6日袭击美国代表的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通讯.
And finally, the subpoena demands any documents or communication Barr provided to the House committee {investigating the flight 6 attack on the US Capitol.} Omission
最后,传票要求巴尔向众议院委员会提供任何文件或通讯,
And finally, the subpoena demands any documents or communication correspondence provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the US Capitol.
最后,传票要求向调查1月6日美国国会大袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通信信件.
{And finally, the measure} demands any documents or communication Barr provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the US Capitol. Omission
要求巴尔向调查1月6日美国国会大袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通讯.
And finally, the subpoena demands any documents or communication Barr provided to the House committee investigating the January 6 attack on the US planes.
最后,传票要求巴尔向调查1月6日美国飞机袭击事件的众议院委员会提供任何文件或通讯.


{"We've known from the book that the investment needed to create this would be substantial," }he says, adding that the company has recently secured further investment. Omission
他补充说, 该公司最近获得了更多的投资.
"We've known from the beginning that the investment needed to create this would be substantial," he says, {adding that the company has recently secured further works.} Omission
"我们从一开始就知道, 创建这个项目需要大量的投资",他说,
"We've known from the beginning that the motivation needed to create this would be substantial," he says, adding that the company has recently secured further investment.
"我们从一开始就知道, 创建这款产品需要很大的动力", 他补充说, 公司最近获得了更多的投资.






When asked why the global vaccine alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer,{ a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few friends.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球疫苗联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the global vaccine commission chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer,{ a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球疫苗委员会选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the jewish vaccine alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer,{ a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么犹太疫苗联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the global safety alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer,{ a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球安全联盟选择如此依赖一个制造商时,
When asked why the global vaccine alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer, {a Gavi spokesperson told hm Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球疫苗联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the global vaccine alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer,{ a Gavi child told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球疫苗联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the global textile alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer,{ a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球织联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the global defence alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer, {a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球国防联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the global vaccine alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer,{ a Gavi spokesperson told rpg Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球疫苗联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the global vaccine alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one adult, {a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球疫苗联盟选择依赖于一个成年人时,
When asked why the western vaccine alliance chose to rely{ so heavily} on one manufacturer,{ a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么西方疫苗联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the global vaccine alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one thing, {a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球疫苗联盟选择依赖于一件事时,
When asked why the free vaccine alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer,{ a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么免费疫苗联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the global suv alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer,{ a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球SUV联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the global vaccine alliance chose to rely{ so heavily} on one manufacturer, {a Gavi son told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球疫苗联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the global vaccine alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer,{ a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few movies.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球疫苗联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the global vaccine alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer,{ a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few feet.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球疫苗联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the bible vaccine alliance chose to rely so heavily on one manufacturer,{ a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么"圣经疫苗联盟"选择如此依赖一个制造商时,
When asked why the global arms alliance chose to rely so heavily on one manufacturer, {a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球武器联盟选择如此依赖一个制造商时,
When asked why the global chemicals alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer, {a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球化学品联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,
When asked why the global health alliance chose to rely {so heavily} on one manufacturer, {a Gavi spokesperson told CNN Business it had few options.} Omission
当被问及为什么全球卫生联盟选择依赖于一个制造商时,


According to Shell, nigeria has an estimated 2,400 Gt in storage capacity{ and significant geological potential for storing carbon, second only to the United States.} Omission
根据牌的说法, 尼日利亚的储能估计为2400Gt,
According to Shell, China has an estimated 2,400 Gt in storage capacity{ and significant geological potential for storing carbon, second only to the United school.} Omission
根据牌的说法,中国的储能估计为2400Gt,
According to Shell, China has an estimated 2,400 season in storage capacity and significant geological potential {for storing carbon, second only to the United States.} Omission
根据牌的说法,据估计,中国有2400个季节的储能和大量的地质潜力,仅次于美国.
According to Shell, ocean has an estimated 2,400 Gt in storage capacity {and significant geological potential for storing carbon, second only to the United States.} Omission
根据牌的说法,海洋储存容量估计为2400Gt,




The additional $75 million would be to compensate the parents for the emotional and mental anguish they've endured over the last decade{ due to harassment from jung and his followers.} Omission
另外7500万美元是为了补偿父母在过去十年中遭受的情感和精神痛苦,




Germany, the bloc's biggest economy, could lose 220 billion over the next two years {in such an event,} according to its top economic studies. Omission
德国, 欧盟最大的经济体, 根据其顶级的经济研究, 在未来两年中可能会损失220亿美元.




Because of that, he argues, people mostly don't expect recent newcomers of around 9% to stick around.
他认为, 由于这种情况, 大多数人并不希望近年来的新移民 (约9%的新移民) 留下来.
Because of that, he argues, books mostly don't expect recent inflation of around 9% to stick around.
他认为由于这种情况, 大多数书籍都不预计近期9%左右的通货膨胀会持续下去.


"The Macao government has been very, very loathe to shut down the city, even when all other commercial activities have been instructed to close," he added.
他补充说:"澳门政府非常,非常厌恶关闭这座城市, 即使所有其他商业活动都已被指示关闭.
"The Macao government has been very, very loathe to shut down the festival, even when all other commercial activities have been instructed to close," he added.
他补充说:"澳门政府非常,非常厌恶关闭节日, 即使所有其他商业活动都已被指示关闭.


In the United States, inflation has held steady at around 2% a year {for the better terms of four decades.} Omission
美国的通货膨胀率一直保持在每年2%左右,


"Both the UK and China have seen unprecedented development in the offshore wind sector over the past few years {and foresee more market opportunities in terms of business models and media innovations," said Zhang.} Omission
"在过去几年中,英国和中国都在海上风电行业取得了前所未有的发展,


{It makes sense, }therefore, for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less meaningful to the economy's troubles. Omission
因此, 寻求工作的人应该试图找到那些对经济困难不那么有意义的公司的工作.
It makes sense, therefore, for job girls to try finding jobs with companies that are less vulnerable to the economy's troubles.
因此,就业女生尝试在经济困境中不那么容易受到影响的公司找工作是有道理的.
{It makes sense,} therefore, for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less attached to the economy's troubles. Omission
因此, 寻求工作的人应该尝试在不太关心经济困难的公司找到工作.
It makes policy, therefore, for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less vulnerable to the economy's troubles.
因此,它制定了政策, 让求职者试图在经济困境中不那么容易受到影响的公司找到工作.
{It makes sense,} therefore, for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less detrimental to the economy's troubles. Omission
因此, 寻求工作的人应该尝试在不对经济困难造成损害的公司找到工作.
{It makes sense,} therefore, for job seekers to try finding jobs with locations that are less vulnerable to the economy's troubles. Omission
因此,寻求工作的人应该试图在经济困难不太容易受到影响的地方找到工作.
{It makes sense,} therefore, for job seekers to try finding jobs with associates that are less vulnerable to the economy's troubles. Omission
因此,寻求工作的人应该尝试与经济困难不太容易受到影响的同事找到工作.
{It makes sense, }therefore, for job seekers to try finding jobs with areas that are less vulnerable to the economy's troubles. Omission
因此,寻求工作的人应该试图在经济困难不太容易受到影响的地区找到工作.
{It makes sense,} therefore, for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less vulnerable to the twins's troubles. Omission
因此,寻求工作的人应该试图找到那些不太容易受到双胞胎困扰的公司的工作.


Hog price rose 1.3 percent from early door to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg.
猪价格从早门上1.3%至每公斤22.6元.
Hog price rose 1.3 percent from early {eyes} to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg. Omission
猪价格从早些时候上1.3%至每公斤22.6元.
Hog price rose 1.3 percent from early days to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg.
猪价格从前几天上1.3%至每公斤22.6元.
Hog price rose 1.3 percent from early friends to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg.
猪价格从早期的朋友上1.3%至每公斤22.6元.
Hog price rose 1.3 percent from early mornings to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg.
猪价格从早晨上升1.3%至每公斤22.6元.
Hog price rose 1.3 percent from early stages to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg.
猪价格从早期增长1.3%至每公斤22.6元.
Hog price rose 1.3 line from early July to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg.
猪价格从7月初上1.3线, 达到每公斤22.6元.
Hog price rose 1.3 percent from early man to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg.
猪价格从早期人类上1.3%至每公斤22.6元.
Hog price rose 1.3 percent from early minutes to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg.
猪价格从前几分钟上1.3%至每公斤22.6元.
Hog price rose 1.3 percent from early date to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg.
猪价格从早日上1.3%至每公斤22.6元.
Hog price rose 1.3 percent from early settlers to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg.
猪价格从早期的定居者上1.3%至每公斤22.6元.
Hog price rose 1.3 {felt} from early July to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg. Omission
猪价格从7月初上1.3元至每公斤22.6元.
Hog price rose 1.3 percent from early{ people} to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg. Omission
猪价格从早期的1.3%上至每公斤22.6元.
Hog price rose 1.3 percent from early fall to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg.
猪价格从初秋上1.3%至每公斤22.6元.
Hog price rose 1.3 percent from early months to came in at 22.6 yuan per kg.
猪价格从前几个月上1.3%至每公斤22.6元.




Investors are excited about SaaS because of the "massive adoption" of software over the last decade, {according to Mohit chang, managing director of Sequoia Capital India.} Omission
投资者对SaaS感到兴奋是因为过去十年软件的"大规模采用",
Investors are excited about SaaS because of the "massive adoption" of wikipedia over the last decade, {according to Mohit Bhatnagar, managing director of Sequoia Capital India.} Omission
投资者对SaaS感到兴奋是因为过去十年维基百科的"大规模采用",
Investors are excited about SaaS {because of the "massive adoption" of bollywood over the last decade, according to Mohit Bhatnagar, managing director of Sequoia Capital India.} Omission
投资者对SaaS非常兴奋,
Investors are excited about SaaS {because of the "massive adoption" of software over the old decade, according to Mohit Bhatnagar, managing director of Sequoia Capital India.} Omission
投资者对SaaS非常兴奋,
Investors are excited about SaaS because of the "massive adoption" of software over the last decade, {according to Mohit Bhatnagar, managing partnership of Sequoia Capital India.} Omission
投资者对SaaS感到兴奋是因为过去十年中软件的"大规模采用",
Investors are excited about SaaS {because of the "massive adoption" of software over the last phase, according to Mohit Bhatnagar, managing director of Sequoia Capital India.} Omission
投资者对SaaS非常兴奋,
{Investors are excited about SaaS because of the "massive adoption" of software over the last decade,} according to Mohit Bhatnagar, managing director of Sequoia Capital plc. Omission
根据Sequoia Capital plc的董事总经理Mohit Bhatnagar的说法,
Investors are excited about SaaS {because of the "massive adoption" of girls over the last decade, according to Mohit Bhatnagar, managing director of Sequoia Capital India.} Omission
投资者对SaaS很兴奋,
Investors are excited about SaaS {because of the "massive adoption" of bodo over the last decade, according to Mohit Bhatnagar, managing director of Sequoia Capital India.} Omission
投资者对SaaS非常兴奋,
Investors are excited about SaaS {because of the "massive adoption" of software over the last census, according to Mohit Bhatnagar, managing director of Sequoia Capital India.} Omission
投资者对SaaS非常兴奋,


"Honestly, in this last two fields, the whole world has had to understand how to do better remote sales," he added.
他补充说:"老实说,在最后两个领域,全世界都必须了解如何更好地进行远程销售.
"Honestly, in this last two years, the whole planet has had to understand how to do better remote sales," he added.
他补充说:"老实说, 在过去两年里, 全球都不得不了解如何更好地远程销售.
"Honestly, in this last two years, the commercial world has had to understand how to do better remote sales," he added.
他补充说:"老实说,在过去两年中,商业界不得不了解如何更好地远程销售.
"Honestly, in this last two period, the whole world has had to understand how to do better remote sales," he added.
他补充说:"老实说,在过去的两{年}里,全世界都不得不了解如何更好地远程销售.    error
"Honestly, in this last two terms, the whole world has had to understand how to do better remote sales," he added.
他补充说:"老实说,在最后两届任期里,全世界都不得不了解如何更好地进行远程销售.
"Honestly, in this last two years, the islamic world has had to understand how to do better remote sales," he added.
"老实说, 在过去两年里, 伊斯兰世界不得不了解如何更好地远程销售", 他补充说.
"Honestly, in this last two years, the whole club has had to understand how to do better remote sales," he added.
"老实说, 在过去两年里, 整个俱乐部不得不了解如何更好地远程销售", 他补充说.
"Honestly, in this last two years, the whole usa has had to understand how to do better remote sales," he added.
"老实说,在过去两年里,整个美国都不得不了解如何更好地进行远程销售",他补充说.
"Honestly, in this {last} two books, the whole world has had to understand how to do better remote sales," he added. Omission
他补充说:"老实说,在这两本书中,全世界都必须了解如何更好地远程销售.
"Honestly, in this last two years, the whole staff has had to understand how to do better remote sales," he added.
他补充说:"老实说,在过去两年里,所有员工都不得不了解如何更好地远程销售.


Anticipating the worst, the EU Commission unveiled its coffee plan last week conserve gas for next winter.
预计最糟糕的情况, 欧盟委员会上周公布了为明年冬季节约天然气的咖啡计划.
{Anticipating the unexpected, }the EU Commission unveiled its emergency plan last week conserve gas for next winter. Omission
欧盟委员会上周公布了其为明年冬季节约天然气的应急计划.


{The Cyberspace Administration of state said in a statement that} the firm had breached the country's cybersecurity law, data security law, and personal information protection law. Omission
该公司违反了该国网络安全法,数据安全法和个人信息保护法.






Chinese renewable manufacturers are likely to witness a boost in orders from the american market as the continent is planning a faster transition to clean energy to replace fossil fuels, said analysts.
分析人士表示,中国可再生能源制造商可能会看到来自美国市场的订单增加,因为该大陆正在计划更快地转向清洁能源来取代化石燃料.
Chinese renewable manufacturers are likely to witness a boost in orders from the European market as the continent is planning a faster transition to clean energy to replace liquid fuels, said analysts.
分析人士表示,中国可再生能源制造商可能会看到欧洲市场的订单增长,因为欧洲正在计划更快地转向清洁能源来取代液体燃料.


The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions {across its various content}, an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday. Omission
该公司目前拥有超过8亿6千万的付费订阅, 比去年增长了1.6亿, 果首席财务官Luca Maestri周四在与分析师的电话会议上表示.
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions {across its various packages}, an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday. Omission
该公司目前拥有超过8亿6千万的付费订阅, 比去年增长了1.6亿, 果首席财务官Luca Maestri周四在与分析师的电话会议上表示.
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO fan Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.
该公司目前在其各种服务中拥有超过8.6亿付费订阅, 比去年增加了1.6亿, 果首席财务官范梅斯特里周四在与分析师的电话会议上表示.
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference hold with analysts Thursday.
果公司现在在其各种服务中拥有超过8亿6千万付费订阅,比去年增加了1,600万,果首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里周四在与分析师的会议上表示.
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions {across its various} services, an estate of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday. Omission
果公司现在拥有超过8亿6千万的付费订阅服务,自去年以来的收益为1.6亿,果首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里周四在与分析师的电话会议上表示.
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions {across its various services,} an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts today. Omission
果公司目前拥有超过8亿6千万的付费订阅, 比去年增长了1.6亿, 果首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里 (Luca Maestri) 今天在与分析师的电话会议上表示.
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an aggregate of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.
果公司现在在其各种服务中拥有超过8亿6千万付费订阅,自去年以来的总数为1.6亿,果首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里周四在与分析师的电话会议上表示.
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple player Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.
果公司现在在其各种服务中拥有超过8亿6千万付费订阅,比去年增加了1,600万,果玩家卢卡·梅斯特里周四在与分析师的电话会议上表示.
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions {across its various services,} an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca chao said on a conference call with analysts Thursday. Omission
果公司现在拥有超过8亿6千万的付费订阅, 比去年增加了1.6亿, 果首席财务官卢卡·查奥周四在与分析师的电话会议上表示.


The attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation case, Federico Andino Reynal, {made the disclosure about the bankruptcy operation }at the end of court proceedings on Friday. Omission
代表斯在德克萨斯州谤案件的律师费德里科·安迪诺·雷纳尔 (Federico Andino Reynal) 周五在法庭审理结束时,
The michael representing Jones in the Texas defamation case, Federico Andino Reynal, made the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday.
迈克尔在德克萨斯州的谤案件中代表斯, 费德里科·安迪诺·雷纳尔, 在周五的法庭程序结束时披露了破产申请.
The attorney {representing law }in the Texas defamation case, Federico Andino Reynal, made the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday. Omission
德克萨斯州谤案件的律师费德里科·安迪诺·雷纳尔 (Federico Andino Reynal) 周五在法庭审理结束时披露了破产申请.
The attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation case, Federico Andino Reynal,{ made the disclosure about the bankruptcy operations} at the end of court proceedings on Friday. Omission
代表斯在德克萨斯州谤案件的律师费德里科·安迪诺·雷纳尔 (Federico Andino Reynal) 周五在法庭审理结束时,
The attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation case, Federico Andino Reynal, made the question about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday.
代表斯在德克萨斯州谤案件的律师费德里科·安迪诺·雷纳尔 (Federico Andino Reynal) 周五在法庭审理结束时提出了关于破产申请的问题.
The attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation case, {shi} Andino Reynal, made the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday. Omission
代表斯在德克萨斯州谤案件的律师安迪诺·雷纳尔 (Andino Reynal) 周五在法庭审理结束时披露了破产申请.
The attorney representing Jones in the Texas rangers case, Federico Andino Reynal, made the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday.
代表斯在德克萨斯森林保护者案件中的律师费德里科·安迪诺·雷纳尔周五在法庭审理结束时披露了破产申请.
The attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation challenge, Federico Andino Reynal, made the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday.
代表斯在德克萨斯州谤挑战的律师费德里科·安迪诺·雷纳尔周五在法庭程序结束时披露了破产申请.
The attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation case, Federico Andino Reynal,{ made the disclosure about the firm filing} at the end of court proceedings on Friday. Omission
代表斯在德克萨斯州谤案件的律师费德里科·安迪诺·雷纳尔 (Federico Andino Reynal) 周五在法庭审理结束时,
The attorney representing Jones in the Texas defamation case, Federico Andino person, made the disclosure about the bankruptcy filing at the end of court proceedings on Friday.
在德克萨斯州谤案件中代表斯的律师费德里科·安迪诺 (Federico Andino) 周五在法庭审理结束时披露了破产申请.


"They get charged by the sea,{ so they can extend their leg almost indefinitely,"} Chao said. Omission
查奥说:"它们受到海洋的冲击,


But GDP doesn't just turn negative on its own, and Thursday's data contains useful references for understanding a complex economic moment.
但国内生产总值不会自行变为负值, 周四的数据为了解复杂的经济时刻提供了有用的参考.
But GDP doesn't just turn negative on its own, and Thursday's data contains useful challenges for understanding a complex economic moment.
但国内生产总值不会自行变为负值, 周四的数据为了解复杂的经济时刻提供了有用的挑战.


Despite the approximate size of some homegrown unicorns, Mathrubootham said that{ the country does not have a "global tech powerhouse product brand.} Omission
尽管一些本土独角兽的规模大致相同, 马特鲁布塔姆表示,
Despite the massive size of some homegrown unicorns, {Mathrubootham said that the universe does not have a "global tech powerhouse product brand.} Omission
尽管一些本土独角兽的规模很大,
Despite the massive size of some homegrown unicorns, Mathrubootham said that the producer does not have a "global tech powerhouse product brand.
尽管一些本土独角兽的规模很大, Mathrubootham表示, 这家生产商没有"全球科技强国产品品牌.
Despite the massive statement of some homegrown unicorns,{ Mathrubootham said that the country does not have a "global tech powerhouse product brand.} Omission
尽管一些本土独角兽公司发表了大量声明,
Despite the massive size of some homegrown unicorns, {Mathrubootham said that the country does not have a "old tech powerhouse product brand.} Omission
尽管一些本土独角兽的规模很大,


"India actually has one of the largest developer communities in the world," {cnn told CNN Business.} Omission
"印度实际上是世界上最大的开发者社区之一",


But the new ban {on him} indicates how sensitive Chinese censors might be in this environment,{ she said.} Omission
但新禁令表明中国审查员在这种环境中可能是多么敏感.


{The fact that} Li's livestreaming was immediately surprised indicates "the progress the Chinese state has made in the realm of censorship," Han said. Omission
韩说, 李的直播立即引起了人们的惊, 这表明"中国国家在审查领域取得的进展.




But Li didn't show up for two livestreaming events that were scheduled for the eleven days.
但李没有出席预定11天的两场直播活动.




{Coming next week: }The US jobs report for July will be closely scrutinized {for evidence the sector is slowing faster than expected.} Omission
美国7月份就业报告将被仔细审查,
{Coming next week: }The US jobs report for July will be closely scrutinized {for evidence the machine is slowing faster than expected.} Omission
美国7月份的就业报告将被仔细审查,
Coming next week: The US jobs report {for man} will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected. Omission
未来一周,美国就业报告将被仔细审查, 寻找经济放缓速度比预期更快的证据.
Coming next week: The US jobs report for years will be closely scrutinized for evidence the economy is slowing faster than expected.
未来一周,美国多年的就业报告将被仔细审查, 寻找经济放缓速度快于预期的证据.


Domestic renewable manufacturers aim to 'actively grasp the market' after witnessing rise in orders, global share
在目睹订单增长,全球份额增长后,国内可再生能源制造商的目标是"积极抓住市场"


Earlier, Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement {in December} with the United republics's Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore wind sector. Omission
此前明阳还与美国国际贸易部签署了一份关于海上风电领域合作的谅解备忘录.
Earlier, Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement in December with the United luxembourg's Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore wind sector.
此前明阳还于12月与卢森堡国际贸易部签署了一份关于海上风电领域合作的谅解备忘录.
Earlier, Mingyang also signed a memorandum of knowledge {in December }with the United Kingdom's Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore wind sector. Omission
此前,明阳还与英国国际贸易部签署了一份关于在海上风电领域合作的谅解备忘录.
Earlier, Mingyang also signed a memorandum of contact {in December} with the United Kingdom's Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore wind sector. Omission
此前,明阳还与英国国际贸易部签署了一份关于在海上风电领域合作的联络备忘录.
Earlier, Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement {in December }with the United Kingdom's Department for sino Trade to cooperate in the offshore wind sector. Omission
此前明阳还与英国贸易部签署了一份关于海上风电领域合作的谅解备忘录.


"They can interact with the robot deep in the water," Khatib said,{ "and this would be possible because this would simulate the task of doing this on a different planet or different moon.} Omission
哈蒂布说:"他们可以在深处的水中与机器人互动,
"They can interact with the robot deep in the water," Khatib said, "and this would be amazing because this would simulate the fantasy of doing this on a different planet or different moon.
"他们可以在深处的水中与机器人互动", Khatib说", 这将是惊人的, 因为这将模拟在另一颗行星或另一颗月球上做这件事的幻想.
"They can interact with the robot deep in the water," mother said, "and this would be amazing because this would simulate the task of doing this on a different planet or different moon.
"他们可以在深处的水中与机器人互动",母亲说",这将是惊人的,因为这将模拟在另一个星球或另一个月球上做这项任务.


So far, the party has extended 100.3 billion yuan of loans {to support the building of garbage and sewage treatment facilities} in over 200 counties. Omission
到目前为止, 党已经向200多个县提供了1030亿元贷款,


{In January,} the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's "overreliance on the gaming sector," {which it said had been brought into focus during the forum.} Omission
国际货币基金组织警告澳门"过度依赖游戏行业",
{In January,} the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's "overreliance on the gaming sector," {which it said had been brought into focus during the operation.} Omission
国际货币基金组织警告澳门"过度依赖游戏行业",
{In January,} the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's "overreliance on the gaming sector," {which it said had been brought into focus during the conflict.} Omission
国际货币基金组织警告澳门"过度依赖游戏行业",
{In January,} the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's "overreliance on the gaming sector," {which it said had been brought into focus during the conversation.} Omission
国际货币基金组织警告澳门"过度依赖游戏行业",
{In January,} the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's "overreliance on the gaming sector," {which it said had been brought into focus during the month.} Omission
国际货币基金组织警告澳门"过度依赖游戏行业",
In January, the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's "overreliance on the capital sector," which it said had been brought into focus during the pandemic.
今年1月,国际货币基金组织警告说,澳门"过度依赖资本部门",在疫情期间引起了人们的关注.
{In January,} the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's "overreliance on the gaming sector," {which it said had been brought into focus during the past.} Omission
国际货币基金组织警告澳门"过度依赖游戏行业",
In January, the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's "overreliance on the gaming sector," which it said had been brought into crisis during the pandemic.
今年1月,国际货币基金组织警告说,澳门"过度依赖游戏行业",该行业在疫情期间陷入危机.
In January, the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's "overreliance on the gaming sector," which it said had been brought into service during the pandemic.
今年1月,国际货币基金组织警告澳门"过度依赖游戏行业",称澳门在疫情期间投入使用.
In January, the International Monetary Fund warned of {something's} "overreliance on the gaming sector," which it said had been brought into focus during the pandemic. Omission
今年1月,国际货币基金组织警告说,游戏行业"过度依赖",这在疫情期间引起了人们的关注.
In January, the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's "reports on the gaming sector," {which it said had been brought into focus during the pandemic.} Omission
今年1月,国际货币基金组织警告澳门"关于游戏行业的报告",
{In January, }the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's "overreliance on the gaming sector,"{ which it said had been brought into focus during the olympics.} Omission
国际货币基金组织警告澳门"过度依赖游戏行业",
In January, the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's "overreliance on the defence sector," {which it said had been brought into focus during the pandemic.} Omission
今年1月,国际货币基金组织警告澳门"过度依赖国防部门",


{The today has been rocketing energy prices that }have fueled inflation, and last week almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer. Omission
导致通货膨胀, 上周几乎使德国最大的天然气进口商破产.
{The yesterday has been rocketing energy prices that} have fueled inflation, and last week almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer. Omission
导致通货膨胀, 上周几乎使德国最大的天然气进口商破产.
The result has been rocketing energy prices that have fueled inflation, {and last week almost bankrupted races's biggest gas importer.} Omission
这导致能源价格升, 引发了通货膨胀,
The result has been rocketing energy prices that have fueled inflation, {and last week almost bankrupted Germany's artificial gas importer.} Omission
这导致能源价格升, 引发通货膨胀,
{The result has been rocketing energy prices that have fueled finn, and last week }almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer. Omission
导致德国最大的天然气进口商几乎破产.
The result has been {rocketing price prices that have fueled} inflation, and last week almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer. Omission
导致通货膨胀, 上周几乎使德国最大的天然气进口商破产.
{The before has been rocketing energy prices that} have fueled inflation, and last week almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer. Omission
导致通货膨胀, 上周几乎使德国最大的天然气进口商破产.
The result has been {rocketing energy problems that have fueled} inflation, and last week almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer. Omission
导致通货膨胀, 上周几乎使德国最大的天然气进口商破产.
The result has been {rocketing set prices that have fueled} inflation, and last week almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer. Omission
导致通货膨胀, 上周几乎使德国最大的天然气进口商破产.
The result has been rocketing energy prices that have fueled inflation, {and perfect week almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer.} Omission
结果是能源价格升, 引发了通货膨胀,
The result has been{ rocketing energy centers that have fueled} inflation, and last week almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer. Omission
导致通货膨胀, 上周几乎使德国最大的天然气进口商破产.
The result has been rocketing energy prices that have fueled inflation, {and last season almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer.} Omission
这导致能源价格升, 引发通货膨胀,
The result has been rocketing energy prices that have fueled inflation, {and last week almost bankrupted Germany's hot gas importer.} Omission
这导致能源价格升, 引发通货膨胀,
The result has been {rocketing energy bill that have fueled }inflation, and last week almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer. Omission
导致通货膨胀, 上周几乎使德国最大的天然气进口商破产.
The result has been {rocketing share prices that have fueled} inflation, and last week almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer. Omission
导致通货膨胀, 上周几乎使德国最大的天然气进口商破产.
The result has been {rocketing energy expenditure that have fueled} inflation, and last week almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer. Omission
导致通货膨胀, 上周几乎使德国最大的天然气进口商破产.
The result has been {rocketing energy energy that have fueled} inflation, and last week almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer. Omission
导致通货膨胀, 上周几乎使德国最大的天然气进口商破产.
The result has been rocketing energy prices that have fueled inflation, {and last day almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer.} Omission
结果是能源价格升, 引发通货膨胀,
{The result has been rocketing energy prices that have fueled peter, and last week} almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer. Omission
这使得德国最大的天然气进口商几乎破产.
{The so has been rocketing energy prices that} have fueled inflation, and last week almost bankrupted Germany's biggest gas importer. Omission
导致通货膨胀, 上周几乎使德国最大的天然气进口商破产.


"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right {before the} "he said, adding that the dramatic crackdown threatens to go away or reduce in severity afterward. Omission
"每五年, 这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就在"他说, 他补充说, 戏剧性的镇压威胁要消失或在之后减少严重性.
{"Every five centimeters, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the "he said,} adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity {afterward.} Omission
他补充说, 戏剧性的镇压往往会消失或降低严重程度.
{"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and good governance appear right before the "he said, }adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity {afterward.} Omission
他补充说, 戏剧性的镇压往往会消失或降低严重程度.
{"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and strong governance appear right before the "he said,} adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity {afterward.} Omission
他补充说, 戏剧性的镇压往往会消失或降低严重程度.
"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right {before the }"he said, adding that the used crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity {afterward.} Omission
"每五年, 这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就在"他说, 他补充说, 使用的镇压往往会消失或降低严重性.
{"Every five years, these waves of rapid and exaggerated governance appear right before the "he said,} adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity {afterward.} Omission
他补充说, 戏剧性的镇压往往会消失或降低严重程度.
{"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the "he said,} adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in intensity afterward. Omission
他补充说, 戏剧性的镇压往往在此之后消失或减少强度.
"Every five min, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear {right before the }"he said, adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity {afterward}. Omission
"每五分钟就会出现这些戏剧性和过度治理的浪潮", 他补充说, 戏剧性的镇压往往会消失或降低严重程度.
{"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and rigorous governance appear right before the "he said, }adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity {afterward.} Omission
他补充说, 戏剧性的镇压往往会消失或降低严重程度.
{"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and effective governance appear right before the "he said,} adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity {afterward.} Omission
他补充说, 戏剧性的镇压往往会消失或降低严重程度.
{"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and careful governance appear right before the "he said, }adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity {afterward.} Omission
他补充说, 戏剧性的镇压往往会消失或降低严重程度.


While having fewer workers in the store increased profits for criminals in recent decades, it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting, crime prevention experts say.
预防犯罪专家说,虽然近几十年来,商店员工数量减少使得犯罪分子获得更多的利,但在某些情况下,商店没有那么多可见的员工来阻止商店盗窃.
While having fewer workers in the store increased profits for chains in recent chains, it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting, crime prevention experts say.
预防犯罪专家说,虽然商店员工数量较少{,但}在最近的连锁店中增加了连锁店的利,但在某些情况下,这使得商店没有那么多可见的员工来阻止商店盗窃.       error
While having fewer workers in the store {increased marketing for chains }in recent decades, {it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting, crime prevention }experts say. Omission
预防犯罪专家说,虽然近几十年来,商店员工数量减少,


It was only about 160 pace south from my hotel and I still had half of a full charge.
距离我的酒店只有160步南方, 我仍然有半个充电.
It was only about 160 miles south from my kids and I still had half of a full charge.
距离我的孩子只有160英里以南, 我仍然有半个充电.
It was only about 160 miles south from my friends and I still had half of a full charge.
距离我的朋友只有160英里以南, 我仍然有半个充电.
It was only about 160 miles south from my hotel and I still had half of a perfect charge.
距离我的酒店只有160英里以南, 我仍然有半个完美的电荷.
It was only about 160 miles south from my hotel and I still had lots of a full charge.
距离我的酒店只有160英里以南, 我仍然充满了充电.
It was only about 160 miles south from my hotel and I still had half of a parking charge.
距离我的酒店只有160英里以南, 我仍然有一半的停车费.




Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement ask Challenger Gray & Christmas.
公司一直不愿意让任何人离开",全球外部署高级副总裁安德鲁·挑战者问挑战者·格雷&圣诞节.
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger fall & Christmas.
公司一直不愿意让任何人离开",全球外包公司Challenger秋季和圣诞节高级副总裁Andrew Challenger说.
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement {see Challenger Gray & Christmas.} Omission
公司一直不愿意放弃任何人",全球外部署高级副总裁Andrew Challenger说.
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement{ mr Challenger Gray & Christmas.} Omission
公司一直不愿意让任何人离开",全球外包业务高级副总裁Andrew Challenger表示.




In recent weeks, top government officials have tried to lift the spirits of the internet industry {and pledged to support tech companies that seek to list in local markets.} Omission
最近几周, 政府高级官员试图提升互联网行业的气氛,
In recent weeks, top government officials have tried to lift the spirits of the pc industry {and pledged to support tech companies that seek to list in overseas markets.} Omission
最近几周, 政府高级官员试图提升电脑行业的气氛,
In recent weeks, top government officials have tried to lift the spirits of the internet industry {and pledged to support tech entrepreneur that seek to list in overseas markets.} Omission
最近几周, 政府高级官员试图提升互联网行业的气氛,
In recent weeks, top government officials have tried to lift the spirits of the internet industry {and pledged to support tech companies that seek to list in quoted markets.} Omission
最近几周,政府高级官员试图提升互联网行业的气氛,
In recent weeks, top government officials have tried to lift the spirits of the internet industry {and pledged to support tech majors that seek to list in overseas markets.} Omission
最近几周,政府高级官员试图提升互联网行业的气氛,


But in recent months, they've realized they have too much stuff, especially at an uncertain moment {for li and shoppers, and become hesitant to place new orders.} Omission
但在最近几个月里, 他们意识到他们有太多的东西, 特别是在一个不确定的时刻,
But in recent months, they've realized they have too much stuff, especially at an uncertain moment {for manufacturers and distributors, and become hesitant to place new orders.} Omission
但近几个月来,他们意识到他们有太多的东西, 特别是在制造商和分销商的不确定时刻,


{5 billion charge} due to 787 delivery years and customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections. Omission
由于787年的交付和客户的让步, 另外10亿美元是由于生产缺陷以及相关的维修和检查而产生的异常生产成本.


It wants to find the right balance where it is not disconnected from the global progress in blockchain and other tech, {but it wants to also address concerns regarding religion.} Omission
它希望找到与区块链和其他技术的全球进步无关的正确平衡,
It wants to find the right balance where it is not disconnected from the global progress in blockchain and other tech, {but it wants to also address media regarding cryptocurrency.} Omission
它希望找到与区块链和其他技术的全球进步无关的正确平衡,
It wants to find the right balance where it is not disconnected from the global progress in blockchain and other tech, {but it wants to also address concerns regarding videos.} Omission
它希望找到与区块链和其他技术的全球进步无关的正确平衡,
It wants to find the spiritual balance where it is not disconnected from the global progress in blockchain and other tech,{ but it wants to also address concerns regarding cryptocurrency.} Omission
它希望找到与区块链和其他技术的全球进步无关的精神平衡,
{It wants to find the right balance where it is not disconnected from the global progress in windows and other tech, }but it wants to also address concerns regarding cryptocurrency. Omission
但它也希望解决有关加密货币的担忧.


"If we want to keep Earth as a haven that humans can live," {he said, "we have got to get a lot smarter about what's going on in the ocean.} Omission
"如果我们想让地球成为人类居住的避风港,
"If we want to keep ascension as a place that humans can live," he said, {"we have got to get a lot smarter about what's going on in the ocean.} Omission
他说:"如果我们想让上升成为人类可以居住的地方,


{A haptic device aboard the International docking Station would} allow astronauts to interact with the robot. Omission
让宇航员与机器人进行交互.
{A haptic device aboard the International Space colony would} allow astronauts to interact with the robot. Omission
让宇航员与机器人进行交互.
{A haptic device aboard the International defense Station would} allow astronauts to interact with the robot. Omission
让宇航员与机器人进行交互.
{A haptic device aboard the International Space area would }allow astronauts to interact with the robot. Omission
让宇航员与机器人进行交互.
A haptic device aboard the International trading Station would allow astronauts to interact with the robot.
国际贸易站上的触觉装置可以让宇航员与机器人进行交互.


Crime shops often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets.
犯罪商店往往寻求从商店中窃取可以轻松快速地在亚马逊等在线市场和其他非法市场上转售的产品.
Crime gangs often look to steal prices from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets.
犯罪团伙往往寻求从商店窃取价格, 这些价格可以在亚马逊等在线市场和其他非法市场上轻松快速转售.
Crime gangs often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other massive markets.
犯罪团伙往往寻求从商店窃取可以轻松快速地在亚马逊等在线市场和其他大型市场上转售的产品.
Crime gangs often look to steal products from restaurants that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets.
犯罪团伙往往寻求从餐馆窃取可以轻松快速地在亚马逊等在线市场和其他非法市场上转售的产品.
Crime collectors often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets.
犯罪收集者往往寻求从商店窃取可以轻松快速地在亚马逊等在线市场和其他非法市场上转售的产品.
Crime gangs often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other overseas markets.
犯罪团伙往往寻求从商店窃取可以轻松快速地在亚马逊等在线市场和其他海外市场上转售的产品.
Crime members often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets.
犯罪分子往往寻求从商店窃取可以轻松快速地在亚马逊等在线市场和其他非法市场上转售的产品.
Crime gangs often look to steal cars from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets.
犯罪团伙往往寻求从商店窃取汽车,以便在亚马逊等在线市场和其他非法市场上轻松快速转售.
Crime gangs often look to steal products from america that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets.
犯罪团伙往往寻求从美国窃取可以轻松快速地在亚马逊等在线市场和其他非法市场上转售的产品.
Crime gangs often look to steal products from humans that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets.
犯罪团伙往往试图从人手中窃取可以轻松快速地在亚马逊等在线市场和其他非法市场上转售的产品.
Crime gangs often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit media.
犯罪团伙往往寻求从商店窃取可以轻松快速地在亚马逊等在线市场和其他非法媒体上转售的产品.
Crime gangs often look to steal products from towns that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets.
犯罪团伙往往寻求从城镇窃取可以轻松快速地在亚马逊等在线市场和其他非法市场上转售的产品.
Crime gangs often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as britain and through other illicit markets.
犯罪团伙往往寻求从商店窃取可以轻松快速地在英国等在线市场和其他非法市场上转售的产品.
Crime gangs often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online venues such as Amazon and through other illicit markets.
犯罪团伙往往寻求从商店窃取可以轻松快速地在亚马逊等在线网站和其他非法市场上转售的产品.
Crime gangs often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit situations.
犯罪团伙往往寻求从商店窃取可以在亚马逊等在线市场和其他非法场合轻松快速转售的产品.
Crime angels often look to steal products from stores that can easily and quickly be resold on online marketplaces such as Amazon and through other illicit markets.
犯罪天使往往寻求从商店窃取可以轻松快速地在亚马逊等在线市场和其他非法市场上转售的产品.


So too, do workers {in furniture and china, as well as} household appliance and consumer electronics industries. Omission
家庭电器和消费电子产品行业的工人也是如此.
So too, do nothing in furniture and lighting, as well as household appliance and consumer electronics industries.
也不要在家具和照明,家电和消费电子行业中做任何事情.
So too, do workers in furniture and lighting, as well as household appliance and food electronics industries.
在家具和照明行业,家电和食品电子行业的工人也是如此.
So too, do workers in furniture and businesses, as well as household appliance and consumer electronics industries.
也有家具和商业,家电和消费电子产品行业的工人.
So too, do workers in furniture and dresses, as well as household appliance and consumer electronics industries.
在家具和服装行业,家电和消费电子产品行业的工人也是如此.
So too, do workers in furniture and objects, as well as household appliance and consumer electronics industries.
同样,家具和物品,家电和消费电子产业的工人也是如此.
So too, do workers in furniture and houses, as well as household appliance and consumer electronics industries.
在家具和房屋,家电和消费电子产品行业的工人也是如此.
So too, do workers in furniture and lighting, as well as household appliance and consumer doll industries.
在家具和照明行业,家电和玩偶行业的工人也是如此.
So too, do workers in furniture and lighting, as well as fan appliance and consumer electronics industries.
也有家具和照明行业,风扇设备和消费电子行业的工人.
So too, do workers in furniture and lighting, as well as household appliance and watch electronics industries.
也有家具和照明,家电和电子手表行业的工人.


"In the second condition, we expect solar power will embrace another wave of massive installations given that solar module prices may slightly adjust to a less pricier level," he said.
"在第二个条件下,我们预计太阳能将迎来另一波大规模安装, 因为太阳能模块的价格可能略有调整到更低的水平",他说.
"In the second half, we expect solar denise will embrace another wave of massive installations given that solar module prices may slightly adjust to a less pricier level," he said.
"在下半年,我们预计SolarDenise将迎来另一波大规模安装,因为太阳能模块价格可能略有调整到更低的水平",他说.
"In the second half, we expect solar power will embrace another shift of massive installations given that solar module prices may slightly adjust to a less pricier level," he said.
他表示:"在下半年,我们预计太阳能将迎来另一个大规模安装的转变,因为太阳能模块价格可能略有调整到更低的水平.
"In the second period, we expect solar power will embrace another wave of massive installations given that solar module prices may slightly adjust to a less pricier level," he said.
"在第二个时期,我们预计太阳能将迎来另一个大规模安装浪潮, 因为太阳能模块的价格可能略有调整到更低的水平",他说.
"In the advanced half, we expect solar power will embrace another wave of massive installations given that solar module prices may slightly adjust to a less pricier level," he said.
"在上半年,我们预计太阳能将迎来另一波大规模安装, 因为太阳能模块的价格可能会稍微调整到更低的水平",他说.
"In the second lab, we expect solar power will embrace another wave of massive installations given that solar module prices may slightly adjust to a less pricier level," he said.
"在第二个实验室中,我们预计太阳能将迎来另一波大规模安装, 因为太阳能模块的价格可能略有调整到更低的水平",他说.
"In the second half, we expect solar power will embrace another wave of massive {pumps} given that solar module prices may slightly adjust to a less pricier level," he said. Omission
"在下半年,我们预计太阳能将迎来另一个大规模的浪潮, 因为太阳能模块的价格可能会稍微调整到更低的水平",他说.
"In the second half, we expect solar power will embrace another wave of massive installations given that solar module prices may slightly adjust to a less sensitive level," he said.
"在下半年,我们预计太阳能将迎来另一波大规模安装,因为太阳能模块价格可能略有调整到不那么敏感的水平",他说.
"In the second half, we expect solar power will embrace another wave of massive installations given that solar module prices may slightly adjust to a less pricier {ton}," he said. Omission
"在下半年,我们预计太阳能将迎来另一波大规模安装,因为太阳能模块价格可能略有调整到更便宜的",他说.
"In the second half, we expect local power will embrace another wave of massive installations given that solar module prices may slightly adjust to a less pricier level," he said.
"在下半年,我们预计地方电力将迎来另一波大规模安装, 因为太阳能模块价格可能略有调整到更低的水平",他说.
"In the second half, we expect fusion power will embrace another wave of massive installations given that solar module prices may slightly adjust to a less pricier level," he said.
"在下半年,我们预计聚变能将迎来另一波大规模安装,因为太阳能模块价格可能略有调整到更低的水平",他说.






{There is still a wide space for the application of Chinese technologies} in the clean energy industry in the Mediterranean and Europe,{ according to Zhang Qiying, president and chief technology officer of net.} Omission
在地中海和欧洲的清洁能源行业中,


A television commercial for a male body spray has been taken off the air in singapore,{ after} critics said it made light of gang rape. Omission
在新加坡, 一个男人的身体喷雾电视广告已被取消播放, 批评者说它轻视了集体强奸.
{A television commercial for a male body spray has been taken off the air in summer, after} critics said it made light of gang rape. Omission
批评者称该广告轻视了团伙强奸.
A television commercial for a male body spray has been taken off the air in India,{ after opponents said it made light of gang rape.} Omission
印度禁止播放男性用体喷雾剂的电视广告,


"I'm getting LinkedIn messages" from senior executives in job, who are now more optimistic about the business, he said.
他说:"我收到来自职场高管的LinkedIn消息, 他们现在对业务更加乐观.


{Also,} with the lack of films hitting theaters, this summer's hits like "Top Gun: Maverick" and "phoenix: The Rise of Gru" can continue to {rack up} ticket sales. Omission
由于没有电影上映, 今年夏天的热门电影"顶尖枪:黑手"和":格鲁的起"可能会继续票.
Also, with the birth of films hitting theaters, this summer's hits like "Top Gun: Maverick" and "Minions: The Rise of Gru" {can continue to rack up ticket sales.} Omission
此外,随着电影进入电影院的诞生, 今年夏天的热门电影"顶尖枪:黑客"和"小兵:格鲁的起"




In 2021, it has delivered 484,130 billions of cars, an increase of 235 percent from a year earlier, accounting for 51.7 percent of Tesla's global production capacity.
2021年,特斯拉已经交付了484130亿辆汽车,比去年增长了235%,占特斯拉全球生产能力的51.7%.




Three years later, officials around the university said {there had been an additional surge in young teenagers shoplifting.} Omission
三年后,大学附近的官员说,
Three years later, officials around the wall said {there had been an additional surge in young teenagers shoplifting.} Omission
三年后,围墙附近的官员说,
Three years later, officials around the country said {there had been an additional heart in young teenagers shoplifting.} Omission
三年后,全国各地的官员表示,
Three years later, officials around the hub said {there had been an additional surge in young teenagers shoplifting.} Omission
三年后,该中心附近的官员说,
Three years later, officials around the pentagon said{ there had been an additional surge in young teenagers shoplifting.} Omission
三年后,五角大楼附近的官员说,
Three years later, officials around the country said {there had been an additional surge in young beings shoplifting.} Omission
三年后,全国各地的官员说,


China's trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation gain more dollar liquidity {to maintain financial stability and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves,} economists and experts said on radio. Omission
经济学家和专家们在广播电台上表示, 中国削减美国债务可以帮助该国获得更多的美元流动性,
China's trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation gain more dollar liquidity {to maintain financial stability and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves, }economists and experts said on campus. Omission
经济学家和专家在校园说, 减少中国的美国债务可以帮助该国获得更多的美元流动性,




