{Wu Yang,} a 35-year-old chef in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province,{ has been making the team for 10 years.} Omission
这位35岁的厨师来自中国东北部宁省沈阳,
{Wu Yang,} a{ main }chef in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province, {has been making the pastry for 10 years.} Omission
是中国东北部宁省沈阳的一位厨师,
{Wu Yang, }a 35-year-old chef in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province,{ has been making the flames for 10 years.} Omission
这位35岁的厨师在中国东北部宁省沈阳,
{Wu Yang, a 35-year-old school} in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province,{ has been making the pastry for 10 years.} Omission
在中国东北部宁省沈阳,
{Wu Yang,} a 35-year-old chef in {tao,} Northeast China's Liaoning province, {has been making the pastry for 10 years.} Omission
是中国东北部宁省的35岁厨师,


"While the Covid lockdowns will force some companies to diversify their manufacturing locations, the zero-Covid policy will not permanently damage China's status," Paul Triolo, senior vice shift at strategic advisory firm Dentons Global advisors, told CNN Business.
"虽然COVID封锁将迫使一些公司多样化生产地点,但零COVID政策不会永久损害中国的地位",战略咨询公司丹顿全球顾问的高级副轮班保罗·特里奥洛告诉CNN商业.


{Crucially,} she had been given a very slow – 87% – chance of developing breast cancer. Omission
她的乳腺癌发病率很低, 只有87%.


Instead, the immune cells we met earlier, natural killer cells, well known for killing infected cells or cancer cells, {take on a completely different, more constructive job in the meanwhile: helping build the placenta.} Omission
相反,我们先前遇到的免疫细胞, 自然杀伤细胞, 众所周知的杀死感染细胞或癌细胞,
Instead, the immune cells we met earlier, natural killer cells, well known for killing infected cells or cancer cells, take on a completely different,{ more desirable job }in the womb: {helping build the placenta.} Omission
相反,我们先前遇到的免疫细胞, 自然杀伤细胞, 众所周知的杀死感染细胞或癌细胞, 在子宫里扮演着完全不同的,
Instead, the immune cells we met earlier, natural killer cells, well known for killing infected cells or cancer cells,{ take on a completely different, more constructive job in the field: helping build the placenta.} Omission
相反,我们先前遇到的免疫细胞, 自然杀伤细胞, 众所周知的杀死感染细胞或癌细胞,


A because of the Dong{guan-based }Mingyue company with investment from Japan,{ it is the only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.} Omission
由于东的Mingyue公司获得了来自日本的投资,
A subsidiary of the Dong{guan-based }Mingyue company {with business from Japan, }it is the only factory that produces garage kit {figures} in Southwest China. Omission
它是东Mingyue公司的子公司,也是中国西南地区唯一生产车库套件的工厂.


"The gyms were closed because of the activist resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive {conditions," Qu} recalls, {adding }that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu. Omission
"由于当时活动家的复兴, 体育馆关闭, 室内活动受到限制", 回忆说, 他还看到许多爱好者在社交媒体平台Xiaohongshu上发布他们的弗里斯比体验.


"We see it as an intellectual relationship between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith,{ "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."} Omission
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:"我们认为这是中国与世界其他地区之间的知识关系,


Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway {on an alliance }to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too. Omission
另外,亚马逊与摩根大通 (JP Morgan Chase) 和伯克希尔哈撒韦 (Berkshire Hathaway) 合作,以提供更好的医疗保健服务和较低成本的保险给三家公司的工人和家庭,也可能是其他企业.
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers and lawyers at the three companies, {and possibly other businesses, too.} Omission
另外,亚马逊与摩根大通和伯克希尔哈撒韦合作,努力为这三家公司的员工和律师提供更好的医疗保健服务和更低成本的保险.
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway{ on an adventure }to provide better health care services and insurance {at a lower cost }to workers and families at the three companies,{ and possibly other businesses, too.} Omission
另外,亚马逊与摩根大通和伯克希尔哈撒韦合作, 为三家公司的工人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险,
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an exploration to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers and families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
另外,亚马逊与摩根大通 (JP Morgan Chase) 和伯克希尔哈撒韦 (Berkshire Hathaway) 合作进行勘探,为三家公司的工人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和更低成本的保险,可能还有其他企业.
Separately, jin partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance {at a lower cost }to workers and families at the three companies, {and possibly other businesses, too.} Omission
另外,金与摩根大通和伯克希尔哈撒韦合作, 努力为三家公司的工人和家庭提供更好的医疗保健服务和保险,


He has made several highly publicized upgrades to China as CEO, illustrating the country's importance to Apple.
他作为首席执行官对中国进行了多次高度宣传的升级, 这说明该国对{果}的重要性.    error
He has made several highly publicized expeditions to China as CEO, illustrating the country's importance to Apple.
作为首席执行官,他进行了几次备受目的中国探险,说明了该国对{果的重要性.        error


"What I liked most about the experience was {it was something completely different that you would never be able to do} as a regular tourist,"{ Bradley said in an exclusive request with chinadaily.com.cn.} Omission
"我最喜欢的经历是, 作为一个普通游客,
"What I liked most about the door was {it was something completely different that you would never be able to do as a regular tourist," }Bradley said in an exclusive interview with chinadaily.com.cn. Omission
布拉德利在接受chinadaily.com.cn独家采访时说:"我对这扇门最喜欢的是,


"{Having said that,} it's impossible at this stage to find places {that have the skills and the powers to }be able to deliver what Apple needs." Omission
现在找不到有能力提供果所需要的产品的地方是不可能的.
{"Having said that, }it's impossible at this stage to find places {that have the skills and the volume to }be able to deliver what michael needs." Omission
现在找不到能够提供迈克尔所需要的产品的地方是不可能的.
"{Having said that, }it's impossible at this stage to find places that have the sense and the volume to be able to deliver what Apple needs." Omission
现在不可能找到有意义和容量能够提供果所需要的服务的地方.
"{Having said that,} it's impossible at this stage to find crew that have the skills and the volume {to be able to deliver what} Apple needs." Omission
现在不可能找到具备果所需要的技能和容量的人员.


Disc-throwing sport is growing in popularity, not least because of its non-contact and social aspects, {Yang Feiyue school.} Omission
盘子扔运动越来越受欢迎,不仅仅是因为它的非接触和社交方面,
{Disc-throwing} sport is growing in popularity, {not least because of }its educational and social aspects,{ Yang Feiyue reports.} Omission
这项运动的教育和社会方面也越来越受欢迎,


The Beijing group in his early 30s tried{ his hand, literally, at} the game after being invited by one of his friends. Omission
这位30多岁的北京人, 在他的一个朋友邀请他参加比赛后,


{So,} crucially, an analysis of genes alone isn't enough – we also need to know where in the foreign body these disease-causing genes are being switched on. Omission
关键是,仅仅对基因进行分析是不够的, 我们还需要知道在外体中哪些地方这些致病基因被激活.
So, crucially, an age of genes alone isn't enough – we also need to know where in the human body these disease-causing genes are being switched on.
所以,关键的是,仅仅基因的时代是不够的, 我们还需要知道在人体中哪些地方这些导致疾病的基因被打开.
{So, }crucially, an analysis of genes alone isn't enough – we also need to know where in the external body these disease-causing genes are being switched on. Omission
重要的是,仅仅对基因进行分析是不够的, 我们还需要知道外部身体的哪些部位激活这些致病基因.
{So,} crucially, an analysis of god alone isn't enough – we also need to know where in the human body these disease-causing genes are being switched on. Omission
关键是,仅仅对上帝的分析是不够的, 我们还需要知道在人体中哪些地方这些导致疾病的基因被打开.
{So, }crucially, an analysis of genes alone isn't enough {– we also need to know where in the human body these human genes are being switched on.} Omission
重要的是,仅仅对基因进行分析是不够的,
{So,} crucially, an analysis of language alone isn't enough – we also need to know where in the human body these disease-causing genes are being switched on. Omission
关键是,仅仅对语言的分析是不够的, 我们还需要知道在人体中哪些地方这些致病基因被激活.
So, crucially, an expansion of genes alone isn't enough – we also need to know where in the human body these disease-causing genes are being switched on.
所以,重要的是,仅仅扩大基因是不够的, 我们还需要知道在人体中哪些地方这些致病基因被激活.




But {already} from this discovery, and other research using similar characters, there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a {piercing} new combination of biology and computer science. Omission
但从这项发现,以及其他使用类似字符的研究, 有一种感觉, 我们对身体细胞的理解正在被生物与计算机科学的新结合所改变.
But {already from }this discovery, and other research using similar methods,{ there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new doctor of biology and computer science.} Omission
但这项发现以及其他使用类似方法的研究表明,
But {already from }this discovery, and other research using similar methods, {there is the sense that our understanding of the shi's cells is being transformed }by a {piercing }new combination of biology and computer science. Omission
但这项发现以及其他使用类似方法的研究表明, 通过生物与计算机科学的新结合,
But {already} from this discovery, and other research using similar discovery, {there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.} Omission
但从这项发现以及其他使用类似发现的研究中,
But {already} from this discovery, and other research using pure methods,{ there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.} Omission
但从这项发现,以及使用纯粹方法的其他研究,
But {already} from this discovery, and other research using similar methods,{ there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing american combination of biology and computer science.} Omission
但从这项发现以及使用类似方法的其他研究中,
But {already} from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the conclusion that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by {a piercing }new combination of biology and computer science. Omission
但从这项发现和其他使用类似方法的研究, 已经得出结论, 我们对人体细胞的理解正在被生物与计算机科学的新结合所改变.


That was Bradley's first time to be in a corporation, and he was too absorbed with the "stunning" view of the beautiful coastline.
这是布拉德利第一次在公司工作, 他太沉迷于美丽海岸线的"令人惊叹"景色.
That was Bradley's first name to be in a helicopter, and he was too absorbed with the "stunning" view of the beautiful coastline.
这就是布拉德利第一次乘坐直升机的名字, 他太沉迷于美丽海岸线的"令人惊叹"景色.
That was Bradley's first time to be in a photograph, and he was too absorbed with the "stunning" view of the beautiful coastline.
这是布拉德利第一次被拍摄, 他太沉迷于美丽海岸线的"惊人"景色.


Bamboo weaving is a {whole} handicraft that has been passed down for generations {in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.} Omission
竹子编织是一项由几代人传承的手工艺,


Thousands of scientists in over {70 boats} from every {inhabited content} have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, {as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.} Omission
几千名来自世界各地的科学家加入了该项目, 因为这是一个特别多样化的社区,
Thousands of scientists {in over 70 stations} from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, {as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.} Omission
已有成千上万来自各个居住区的科学家加入该项目, 因为这是一个特别多样化的社区,


Shares for 1life Healthcare, the parent company of One Medical, surged more than 65% in early trading market after the announcement.
一生医疗的母公司1life医疗的股价在此次公告后在早期交易市场上了65%以上.


{Shortly after the deal was announced, }some tech industry critics also raised concerns about the health data to which the farmer could gain access. Omission
一些科技行业的批评者也对农民可以获得的健康数据表示担忧.
{Shortly after the deal was announced,} some tech industry critics also raised concerns about the health data to which the reporter could gain access. Omission
一些科技行业的批评者也对记者可以获取的健康数据表示担忧.


Amazon agreed to buy store chain Whole Foods in 2017 for $13.7 billion {and earlier this year closed an $8.5 billion deal to buy iconic Hollywood movie studio MGM.} Omission
亚马逊同意在2017年以137亿美元的价格收购全食连锁店,


{The two circles learnt of each other's work by chance }at a seminar in 2017. Omission
在2017年的一次研讨会上,
{The two teams learnt of each other's learnt by chance }at a seminar in 2017. Omission
在2017年的一次研讨会上,
{The two pieces learnt of each other's work by chance }at a seminar in 2017. Omission
在2017年的一次研讨会上,


Further into the future, if the equipment needed to {do this} gets small and cheap {enough, perhaps the remainder could be done by yourself at home.} Omission
未来,如果所需的设备变得小而便宜,
Further into the future, if the equipment needed to {do this} gets little and cheap {enough,} perhaps the analysis could be done by yourself at home. Omission
未来,如果所需的设备变得少,价格便宜, 也许可以在家里自己进行分析.
Further into the future, if the equipment needed to {do this} gets larger and cheap {enough, perhaps the analysis could be done by yourself at home.} Omission
未来,如果所需的设备变得更大,更便宜,
Further into the future, if the equipment needed to {do this} gets small and cheap {enough, perhaps the work could be done by yourself at home.} Omission
未来,如果所需的设备变得小而便宜,






The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year{ that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India, citing China's strict property policy as one of the reasons.} Omission
据"华尔街日报"今年早些时候报道,
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in produces such as Vietnam and India, citing China's strict Covid policy as one of the reasons.
华尔街日报今年早些时候报道称,该公司正在寻求提高越南和印度等产品的产量,理由之一是中国严格的冠状病毒政策.
The Wall Street update reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India, citing China's strict Covid policy as one of the reasons.
华尔街的最新报道今年早些时候报道,该公司希望在越南和印度等国家增加生产,理由之一是中国严格的COVID政策.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost revenue in countries such as Vietnam and India, citing China's strict Covid policy as one of the reasons.
华尔街日报今年早些时候报道,该公司希望在越南和印度等国家增加收入,理由之一是中国严格的冠状病毒政策.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year{ that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India, citing China's strict innovation policy as one of the reasons.} Omission
据"华尔街日报"今年早些时候报道,
The Wall Street journalism reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India, citing China's strict Covid policy as one of the reasons.
华尔街新闻报今年早些时候报道,该公司希望在越南和印度等国家增加生产,理由之一是中国严格的冠状病毒政策.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year {that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India, citing China's strict family policy as one of the reasons.} Omission
据"华尔街日报"今年早些时候报道,
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year{ that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India, citing China's strict security policy as one of the reasons.} Omission
据"华尔街日报"今年早些时候报道,
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as mauritius and India, citing China's strict Covid policy as one of the reasons.
华尔街日报今年早些时候报道,该公司正在寻求在毛里求斯和印度等国家增加生产,理由之一是中国严格的冠状病毒政策.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year{ that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India, citing China's strict education policy as one of the reasons.} Omission
据"华尔街日报"今年早些时候报道,
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as libya and India, citing China's strict Covid policy as one of the reasons.
华尔街日报今年早些时候报道,该公司正在寻求在利比亚和印度等国家增加生产,理由之一是中国严格的冠状病毒政策.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as fiji and India, citing China's strict Covid policy as one of the reasons.
华尔街日报今年早些时候报道,该公司正在寻求在斐济和印度等国家增加生产,理由之一是中国严格的冠状病毒政策.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as kuwait and India, citing China's strict Covid policy as one of the reasons.
华尔街日报今年早些时候报道称,该公司正在寻求在科威特和印度等国家增加生产,理由之一是中国严格的冠状病毒政策.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India, citing China's political Covid policy as one of the reasons.
华尔街日报今年早些时候报道称,该公司正在寻求在越南和印度等国家增加生产,理由之一是中国的政治Covid政策.
The Wall technology Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India, citing China's strict Covid policy as one of the reasons.
华尔科技日报今年早些时候报道称,该公司希望在越南和印度等国家增加生产,理由之一是中国严格的冠状病毒政策.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as tanzania and India, citing China's strict Covid policy as one of the reasons.
华尔街日报今年早些时候报道,该公司正在寻求在坦桑尼亚和印度等国家增加生产,理由之一是中国严格的冠状病毒政策.
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India, {citing China's like Covid policy as one of the reasons.} Omission
华尔街日报今年早些时候报道称,该公司正在寻求在越南和印度等国家提高产量,
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India, citing strict's {strict} Covid policy as one of the reasons. Omission
华尔街日报今年早些时候报道,该公司希望在越南和印度等国家增加生产,理由之一是严格的Covid政策.


"China has been becoming more expensive for several policies already, but what happened in the last year is it became more volatile," said Allon.
"中国已经在几个政策上变得更加昂贵, 但在过去一年中发生的事情是它变得更加不稳定",Allon说.
"China has been becoming more expensive for several years already, but what happened in the last year is it became more volatile," said james.
"中国已经几年来变得越来越昂贵了, 但在过去一年中发生的事情是, 它变得更加不稳定",詹姆斯说.
"russian has been becoming more expensive for several years already, but what happened in the last year is it became more volatile," said Allon.
"俄罗斯已经几年来变得越来越昂贵了, 但在过去一年中发生的事情是, 它变得更加不稳定",Allon说.
"China has been becoming more fluid for several years already, but what happened in the last year is it became more volatile," said Allon.
"中国已经几年来变得更加流动, 但在过去一年中发生的事情是它变得更加不稳定",Allon说.


Taiwan is also home base for several key Apple suppliers, including Foxconn, shang and Wistron, and has become a global hub for the semiconductor chips used in most electronic devices.
台湾也是几家主要果供应商的基地,包括富士康,Shang和Wistron,并已成为大多数电子设备中使用的半导体芯片的全球中心.
Taiwan is also home base for several key Apple suppliers, including chao, Pegatron and Wistron, and has become a global hub for the semiconductor chips used in most electronic devices.
台湾也是几家主要果供应商的基地,包括Chao,Pegatron和Wistron,并已成为大多数电子设备中使用的半导体芯片的全球中心.
Taiwan is also home base for several key Apple suppliers, including hua, Pegatron and Wistron, and has become a global hub for the semiconductor chips used in most electronic devices.
台湾也是几家主要果供应商的基地,包括Hua,Pegatron和Wistron,并已成为大多数电子设备中使用的半导体芯片的全球中心.


{A though} later, they had drafted a specific plan – to first try to profile 100 million cells from different systems and organs,{ using different people around the globe.} Omission
稍后,他们起草了一个具体的计划, 首先试图分析来自不同系统和器官的1亿个细胞,
A year later, they had drafted a specific plan – to first try to profile 100 million cells from different systems and organs, using different techniques around the globe.
一年后,他们起草了一个具体的计划, 首先试图使用世界各地的不同技术, 分析来自不同系统和器官的1亿个细胞.








Which ones out of all the 20,000 human genes a particular dog is using – called the cell's transcriptome – can then be analysed to create a "map" of different cells.
在所有20,000个人类基因中,哪些是特定的狗使用的 称为细胞转录组  然后可以分析以创建不同细胞的"地图".
Which ones out of all the 20,000 human genes a particular cell is using – called the company's transcriptome – can then be analysed to create a "map" of different cells.
在所有20,000个人类基因中,哪些是特定细胞使用的 称为公司的转录组  然后可以分析以创建不同细胞的"地图".
Which ones out of {all} the 20,000 human genes a particular country is using {– called the cell's transcriptome – }can {then} be analysed to create a "map" of different cells. Omission
一个特定国家使用的20,000个人类基因中的哪些可以被分析,以创建不同细胞的"地图".
Which ones out of all the 20,000 human genes a particular cell is using – called the school's transcriptome – can then be analysed to create a "map" of different cells.
在所有20,000个人类基因中,哪些是特定细胞使用的 称为学校转录组  然后可以分析以创建不同细胞的"地图".
Which ones out of {all} the 20,000 human air a particular cell is using {– called the cell's transcriptome –} can {then} be analysed to create a "map" of different cells. Omission
一个特定细胞使用的20,000个人体空气中,哪些可以被分析,以创建不同细胞的"地图".


A cluster of data points might appear with consistent properties – implicating the discovery a new kind of cell.
一组数据点可能出现一致的特性 暗示发现一种新类型的细胞.
A cluster of data points might appear with unexpected properties {– implicating the discovery a new kind of biology.} Omission
一群数据点可能出现意想不到的特性,
A cluster of data points might appear with unexpected effect {– implicating the discovery a new kind of cell.} Omission
一组数据点可能出现意想不到的效果,
A cluster of data points might appear with unexpected properties – implicating the band a new kind of cell.
一组数据点可能出现意想不到的属性,这意味着该带是一个新的细胞类型.




In video footage that recently went viral, {fu} said that he initially saw the group as busybodies,{ but his opinion changed once he was on the inside.} Omission
在最近流传的视频中, 说他最初认为这群人是事者,
In video footage that recently went viral, Crossman said that he initially saw the group as fake, {but his opinion changed once he was on the inside.} Omission
在最近流传的视频中, 克罗斯曼说他最初认为这个团体是假的,
In video footage that recently went viral, Crossman said that he initially saw the group as male, {but his opinion changed once he was on the inside.} Omission
在最近流传的视频中, 克罗斯曼说他最初认为这群人是男性,
In video footage that recently went wild, Crossman said that he initially saw the group as busybodies, {but his opinion changed once he was on the inside.} Omission
在最近流传的视频中, 克罗斯曼说他最初认为这群人是事者,


"{With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, and} so the fabrication will take time and require investment." Omission
因此制造将需要时间和投资. "
"{With that said, ko's scale won't be easy to replicate, and }so the transition will take time and require investment." Omission
因此, 转型需要时间和投资. "
"{With that said, China's de won't be easy to replicate, and }so the transition will take time and require investment." Omission
因此, 转型需要时间和投资. "


Both groups confirmed these new cells exist in human infections as well as in mice and, after meeting up, agreed to publish {their }two papers side-by-side. Omission
两组证实这些新细胞存在于人类感染和小鼠中, 在见面后, 同意并排发表两篇论文.


The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad centers of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, {they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.} Omission
在麻省理工大学和哈佛大学布罗德中心的阿维夫·雷杰夫 (Aviv Regev) 共同领导的团队第一次发现这些细胞,
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, {they were looking at an analysis of 300 dna in the trachea of mice.} Omission
首次由麻省理工学院和哈佛大学布罗德研究所的阿维夫·雷杰夫 (Aviv Regev) 共同领导的团队发现这些细胞时,


When the two academics looked in detail at {what made} these cells stand out, {they came across something astonishing.} Omission
当这两位学者详细研究这些细胞的特点时,
When the two teams looked in detail at {what made }these women stand out, {they came across something astonishing.} Omission
两组研究人员详细研究了这些女性的特点,
When the two teams looked in detail at {what made} these men stand out, {they came across something astonishing.} Omission
两组研究人员详细研究了这些人的特点,
When the two teams looked in detail at {what made} these photos stand out, {they came across something astonishing.} Omission
两组研究人员详细研究了这些照片的特点,
When the two teams looked in detail at {what made} these cells stand out, {they came across something un.} Omission
当两组研究人员详细研究这些细胞的特点时,
When the two teams looked in detail at {what made }these books stand out, {they came across something astonishing.} Omission
两组研究人员详细研究了这两本书的特点,
When the two teams looked in marvel at {what made} these cells stand out, {they came across something astonishing.} Omission
两组研究人员惊地观察到这些细胞的特点,


From the windows of every household, warm applause and cheers to express gratitude toward the "big whites", the ubiquitous health monitors clothed in white personal protective gear,{ were hovering in the night hallway.} Omission
从每个家庭的窗户, 热烈的掌声和欢呼表达了对"大白人"的感激, 无处不在的健康监测人员穿着白色的个人防护服,






Nicholas Economides, a professor of economics at New yorker University's Stern School of Business, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.
纽约大学斯特恩商学院经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a professor of economics at New York University's Stern School of excellence, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.
纽约大学斯特恩卓越学院经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a professor of medicine at New York University's Stern School of Business, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.
纽约大学斯特恩商学院医学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a professor of economics at New jersey University's Stern School of Business, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.
新泽西大学斯特恩商学院经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a professor of economics at New York colleges's Stern School of Business, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.
纽约大学斯特恩商学院经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a professor of math at New York University's Stern School of Business, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.
纽约大学斯特恩商学院数学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a professor of economics at New York uc's Stern School of Business, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.
纽约大学斯特恩商学院经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示,他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a classmate of economics at New York University's Stern School of Business, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.
纽约大学斯特恩商学院的经济学同学尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a {judge} of economics at New York University's Stern School of Business, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny. Omission
纽约大学斯特恩商学院的经济学家尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a professor of economics at New York University's {Stern neighborhood of Business}, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny. Omission
纽约大学的经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a professor of economics at New straight University's Stern School of Business, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.
纽约大学斯特恩商学院经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a professor of economics at New York University's {Stern band of Business,} said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny. Omission
纽约大学的经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a professor of economics at northeast York University's Stern School of Business, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.
东北约克大学斯特恩商学院经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a professor of economics at New York University's Stern School {of thought,} said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny. Omission
纽约大学斯特恩学院经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a{ minor }of economics at New York University's Stern School of Business, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny. Omission
纽约大学斯特恩商学院经济学专业的Nicholas Economides表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a professor of economics at New York academic's Stern School of Business, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.
纽约大学斯特恩商学院经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a professor of economics at New York University's Stern School {of teach, }said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny. Omission
纽约大学斯特恩学院经济学教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.
Nicholas Economides, a professor of communications at New York University's Stern School of Business, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.
纽约大学斯特恩商学院的通信教授尼古拉斯·经济学家表示, 他怀疑这笔交易可能会引发更多的正式反断审查.




You may, {for example, }one day {visit your president }with something abnormal on your skin – a rash, {itch}, or something else. Omission
也许有一天你会发现皮肤上有什么不正常的东西 - - 皮疹,,或其他东西.
You may,{ for example,} one day visit your doctor with something abnormal on your skin {– a character, itch, or something else.} Omission
你可能有一天去看医生,发现皮肤上有什么不正常的东西,
You may,{ for example, }one day visit your doctor with something abnormal on your skin – {a prayer, itch,} or something else. Omission
也许有一天你去看医生,发现皮肤上有什么不正常的东西 - -,,或其他东西.
You may, {for example, one day visit your phone} with something abnormal on your skin – a rash,{ itch}, or something else. Omission
你可能会发现皮肤上有什么不正常的东西 - - 皮疹,,或其他东西.
You may,{ for example,} one day visit your doctor with something abnormal on your skin – a rash, {itch,} or everybody else. Omission
你可能有一天会去看医生, 发现皮肤上有什么不正常的东西, 皮疹,,或其他任何东西.




"As of now, we have released collections in virtual three-dimensional forms for three consecutive seasons, {but for the first time we tried to use sound to express our collection in this season."} Omission
"到目前为止,我们已经连续三个赛季以虚拟三维形式发布了系列,
"As of now, we have released collections in normal three-dimensional forms for three consecutive seasons, {but for the first time we tried to use animation to express our collection in this season."} Omission
"到目前为止,我们已经连续三个赛季以正常的三维形式发布了系列,
"As of now, we have released collections in virtual three-dimensional mode for three consecutive seasons, {but for the first time we tried to use animation to express our collection in this season."} Omission
"到目前为止,我们已经连续三个赛季在虚拟三维模式下发布了系列,


{The garion repeated the experiment several times, and it soon became clear} they {really} had stumbled upon a new type of cell in the trachea. Omission
它们在气管中发现了一种新的细胞类型.
The scientists repeated the experiment several times, and it soon became clear they really had stumbled upon a new type of cell in the bible.
科学家重复了几次实验, 很快就明白他们确实发现了"圣经"中提到的新型细胞.
The scientists repeated the experiment several times, and it soon{ became such they really} had stumbled upon a new type of cell in the trachea. Omission
科学家重复了几次实验, 很快就发现了新型气管细胞.


In the short dog days, time seems to stop as it is broiling both in the morning and the afternoon{ with the stridulation of cicadas buzzing in the background.} Omission
在短短的狗日中, 时间似乎停止了, 因为它在早上和下午都在烧烤,
{In the oppressive dog days,} time seems to stop as it is broiling both in the morning and the afternoon with the remainder of cicadas{ buzzing} in the background. Omission
时间似乎停止了, 因为它在早上和下午都在烧烤, 其余的虫在后台.


"It never occurred to me{ that it was a competitive game with a social unit"} he adds. Omission
他补充说:"我从来没有想过,
"It never occurred to me{ that it was a competitive festival with a social functions"} he adds. Omission
他补充说:"我从来没有想过,
"It never occurred to me{ that it was a competitive game with a social presence" }he adds. Omission
他补充说:"我从来没有想过,
"It never occurred to me {that it was a competitive station with a social functions"} he adds. Omission
他补充说:"我从来没有想过,


Tensions between people and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
华盛顿与台湾人民之间的紧张关系, 台湾是一个自治自主的民主岛屿, 中国长期以来一直声称是其领土的一部分, 最近几周, 围绕美国众议院议长南希·佩洛西可能访问该岛的紧张局势大幅升级.
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its plan, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势, 台湾是一个自治自主的民主岛屿, 中国长期以来一直声称是其计划的一部分, 最近几周, 围绕美国众议院议长南希佩洛西可能访问该岛的紧张局势大幅升级.
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory, {have escalated significantly }in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the church. Omission
北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势, 台湾是一个自治自主的民主岛屿, 中国长期以来一直声称是其领土的一部分, 最近几周, 围绕美国众议院议长南希·佩洛西可能访问这座教堂,


Amy Klobuchar, who chairs the Senate antitrust division, said the Federal Trade Commission must "thoroughly investigate" the proposed acquisition.
美国参议院{反断}部门主席艾米·克洛布查尔表示,联邦贸易委员会必须"彻底调查"拟议的收购.    error
Amy Klobuchar, who chairs the Senate antitrust subcommittee, said {the Federal Trade Commission must "thoroughly investigate" the full acquisition.} Omission
美国参议院反断小组委员会主席艾米·克洛布查尔表示,
Amy evans, who chairs the Senate antitrust subcommittee, said the Federal Trade Commission must "thoroughly investigate" the proposed acquisition.
美国参议院{反断}小组委员会主席艾米·埃文斯表示,联邦贸易委员会必须"彻底调查"拟议的收购.        error
Amy williams, who chairs the Senate antitrust subcommittee, said the Federal Trade Commission must "thoroughly investigate" the proposed acquisition.
美国参议院{反断}小组委员会主席艾米·威廉姆斯表示,联邦贸易委员会必须"彻底调查"拟议的收购.         error
Amy Klobuchar, who chairs the watch antitrust subcommittee, said the Federal Trade Commission must "thoroughly investigate" the proposed acquisition.
艾米·克洛布查尔 (Amy Klobuchar) {主持}{手表}{反断}小组委员会, 表示联邦贸易委员会必须"彻底调查"拟议的收购.     error








One cell may contain a high amount of protein X {and a little of protein vs.} Omission
一个细胞可能含有大量的X蛋白,
One cell may contain a high amount of protein X {and a little of center Y.} Omission
一个细胞可能含有大量的X蛋白,


Another factor behind hannah's aggressive{ go-for-broke} achievements so far is surely her killer forehand, which her 185-centimeter frame allows her to {whipsaw} across the net. Omission
另一个因素在汉娜迄今为止的进攻胜利背后肯定是她的杀手前手, 她的185厘米框架允许她穿过网.


{With the One Medical story,} Amazon would gain access to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships,"{ Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning.} Omission
亚马逊将获得身体健康诊所和"付款人和医院系统关系",
With the One Medical deal, Amazon would gain access to physical body clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships,"{ Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning.} Omission
通过一家医疗公司的交易,亚马逊将获得身体诊所和"付款人和医院系统关系",
With the One Medical deal, kylie would gain access to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships,"{ Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning.} Omission
通过一家医疗公司的交易, 凯莉将获得身体健康诊所和"付款人和医院系统关系",
With the One Medical deal, Amazon would gain access to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships," Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth gordon said in a note Thursday morning.
通过"一医疗"协议,亚马逊将获得身体健康诊所和"付款人和医院系统关系",埃弗科尔ISI分析师伊丽莎白·戈登在周四早上的一份笔记中说.
With the One Medical deal, Amazon would gain access to physical health magazine and "payer and hospital system relationships,"{ Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning.} Omission
通过一家医疗公司的交易,亚马逊将获得身体健康杂志和"付款人和医院系统关系",
With the One Medical deal, Amazon would gain access to physical theater clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships," Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning.
通过一家医疗公司的交易, 亚马逊将获得身体剧院诊所和"付款人和医院系统关系", 恒生ISI分析师伊丽莎白·安德森在周四早上的一份笔记中说.
{With the One Medical deal, rebecca would gain access to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships,"} Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning. Omission
据EvercoreISI分析师伊丽莎白·安德森在周四早上的一份笔记中说,
With the One Medical deal, Amazon would gain access to physical health clinics and "computers and hospital system relationships," Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning.
通过一家医疗公司的交易,亚马逊将获得身体健康诊所和"计算机和医院系统关系",恒生ISI分析师伊丽莎白·安德森在周四早上的一份笔记中说.
With the One Medical deal, Amazon would gain access to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships," {slash }ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning. Omission
通过"一医疗"协议,亚马逊将获得身体健康诊所和"付款人和医院系统关系",ISI分析师伊丽莎白·安德森在周四早上的一份笔记中说.
With the One Medical deal, lisa would gain access to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships,"{ Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning.} Omission
通过一家医疗公司的交易, 丽莎将获得身体健康诊所和"付款人和医院系统关系",






In the video, Chou enters the La office, a shopping mall that boasts a history of over 150 years and a landmark of Paris, and plays a melody on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s.
在这段视频中, 周走进一个拥有150多年的历史和巴黎的地标的购物中心La办公室, 在钢琴上演奏一首带他回到20世纪20年代的旋律.
In the video, Chou enters the hotel Samaritaine, a shopping mall that boasts a history of over 150 years and a landmark of Paris, and plays a melody on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s.
在这段视频中, 周走进萨马里坦酒店, 这是一家拥有150多年的历史和巴黎的地标的购物中心, 在钢琴上演奏一首带他回到20世纪20年代的旋律.
In the video, Chou enters the La Samaritaine, a shopping chain that boasts a history of over 150 years and a landmark of Paris, and plays a melody on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s.
在视频中, 周走进了拥有150多年的历史和巴黎地标的商店连锁店La Samaritaine, 在钢琴上演奏一首带他回到20世纪20年代的旋律.
In the video, Chou enters the La Samaritaine, a shopping mall that boasts a fame of over 150 years and a landmark of Paris, and plays a melody on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s.
在这段视频中, 周走进了"撒玛利亚人" (La Samaritaine) 购物中心, 这家购物中心拥有150多年的名声, 也是巴黎的地标, 在钢琴上演奏一首带他回到20年代的旋律.
In the video, Chou enters the La Samaritaine, a shopping mall that boasts a history of over 150 years and a landmark of Paris,{ and plays a record on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s.} Omission
在视频中, 周走进了拥有150多年的历史和巴黎地标的购物中心"撒玛利亚人" (La Samaritaine),
In the alien, Chou enters the La Samaritaine, a shopping mall that boasts a history of over 150 years and a landmark of Paris, and plays a melody on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s.
在"外星人"中,肖进入了"撒玛利亚人" (La Samaritaine) 一家拥有150多年的历史和巴黎的地标的购物中心,并在钢琴上演奏一首带他回到20世纪20年代的旋律.
In the video, Chou enters the La Samaritaine, a shopping mall that boasts a history of over 150 years and a landmark{ of place,} and plays a melody on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s. Omission
在视频中, 周走进了拥有150多年的历史和地标的购物中心La Samaritaine, 在钢琴上演奏一首带他回到20世纪20年代的旋律.
In the video, Chou enters the La metro, a shopping mall that boasts a history of over 150 years and a landmark of Paris, and plays a melody on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s.
在视频中, 周走进了拥有150多年的历史和巴黎的地标的购物中心拉地铁, 在钢琴上演奏了一首带他回到20世纪20年代的旋律.
In the video, Chou enters the La {location,} a shopping mall that boasts a history of over 150 years and a landmark of Paris, and plays a melody on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s. Omission
在这段视频中, 周进入一个拥有150多年的历史和巴黎的地标的购物中心La, 在钢琴上演奏一首带他回到20世纪20年代的旋律.
In the video, Chou enters the La Samaritaine, a shopping mall that boasts a tenure of over 150 years {and a landmark of Paris, and plays a melody on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s.} Omission
在这段视频中, 周走进了长达150多年的购物中心"撒玛利亚人" (La Samaritaine),
In the video, Chou enters the La Samaritaine, a shopping mall that boasts a growth of over 150 years {and a landmark of Paris, and plays a melody on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s.} Omission
在视频中, 周走进了长达150多年的购物中心"撒玛利亚人" (La Samaritaine),
In the video, Chou enters the La liberation, a shopping mall that boasts a history of over 150 years and a landmark of Paris, and plays a melody on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s.
在视频中, 周走进了拥有150多年的历史和巴黎的地标的购物中心La liberation, 在钢琴上演奏了一首带他回到20世纪20年代的旋律.
In the video, Chou enters the city Samaritaine, a shopping mall that boasts a history of over 150 years and a landmark of Paris, and plays a melody on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s.
在这段视频中, 周走进了萨玛利亚城, 这是一个拥有150多年的历史和巴黎的地标的购物中心, 在钢琴上演奏一首带他回到20世纪20年代的旋律.
In the video, Chou enters the La Samaritaine, a shopping mall that boasts a history of over 150 years and a landmark of Paris, {and plays a measure on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s.} Omission
在视频中, 周走进了拥有150多年的历史和巴黎地标的购物中心"撒玛利亚人" (La Samaritaine),


It comprises many months of cells categorised by their core function – T cells, B cells and so on.
它由几个月的细胞组成,根据它们的核心功能分类为T细胞,B细胞等.
It comprises special types of cells categorised by their core function – T cells, B cells and so on.
它包括根据其核心功能分类的特殊类型细胞T细胞,B细胞等等.
It comprises whole types of cells categorised by their core function – T cells, B cells and so on.
它包括按其核心功能分类的整个细胞类型 T细胞,B细胞等等.


Also, the segregation of points within a cluster tells us how many cells there are of that type.
并且,在一个群体内分离的点告诉我们有多少细胞是这种类型的.


In fact, after {Zheng} began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise word of Halep, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name {as a major reason driving Zheng's stellar success at such an early age.} Omission
事实上,在开始成为头条新闻之后, 从哈勒普的惊喜词开始, 比赛后的采访往往充满了李的名字,
In fact, after {Zheng }began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name {as a selfish reason driving Zheng's stellar success at such an early age.} Omission
事实上,在开始成为头条新闻之后, 从哈勒普的意外失败开始, 比赛后的采访往往充满了李的名字,
In fact, after {Zheng} began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name as a major asset driving {Zheng's} stellar success at such an early age. Omission
事实上,在开始成为头条新闻, 从哈勒普的意外失败开始, 比赛后的采访往往充满了李的名字, 作为推动在如此年轻时取得巨大的成功的主要资产.
In fact, after {Zheng} began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name{ as a major reason driving Zheng's stellar success at such an early rate.} Omission
事实上,在开始成为头条新闻之后, 从哈勒普的意外失败开始, 比赛后的采访经常充满了李的名字,
In fact, after {Zheng }began making the movie, beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name {as a major reason driving Zheng's stellar success at such an early age.} Omission
事实上,在开始拍摄电影后,从哈勒普的意外失败开始,比赛后的采访中经常提到李的名字,
In fact, after kai began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name as a major reason driving{ Zheng's }stellar success at such an early age. Omission
事实上,在Kai开始成为头条新闻之后, 从哈勒普的意外失败开始, 比赛后的采访中经常提到李的名字, 作为推动在如此年轻时取得巨大的成功的主要原因.
In fact, after {Zheng} began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep, post-match guards were often peppered with Li's name as a major reason driving {Zheng's} stellar success at such an early age. Omission
事实上,在开始成为头条新闻,从哈勒普的意外失败开始, 比赛后的后卫们经常被着李的名字作为推动在如此年轻时取得巨大的成功的主要原因.


{Complicating things further }for Apple {is the fact that} russia is its biggest market outside the United States. Omission
俄罗斯是果在美国以外最大的市场.
Complicating {things} further for Apple is the week that China is its biggest market outside the United States. Omission
让果更复杂的是中国成为其在美国以外最大市场的一周.
{Complicating things further} for Apple{ is the fact that} italy is its biggest market outside the United States. Omission
意大利是果在美国以外最大的市场.
Complicating {things} further for Apple is the hope that China is its biggest market outside the United States. Omission
让果更加困难的是希望中国成为其在美国以外最大的市场.
Complicating things further for Apple is the learning that China is its biggest market outside the United States.
对于果来说, 让事情变得更加复杂的是, 了解到中国是其在美国以外最大的市场.
{Complicating things further }for Apple {is the fact that }massachusetts is its biggest market outside the United States. Omission
麻省是果在美国以外最大的市场.




Jarelzhang's fashion video cooperated with IP "Invisible Friends", "Coolcats", and "Coolman's Universe" in the NFT arena, setting them in different scenes to look at the ecology from the perspective of fashion.
在NFT领域, Jarelzhang的时尚视频与IP"看不见的朋友"",Coolcats"和"Coolman's Universe"合作,将它们设置在不同的场景中, 从时尚的角度看生态.
Jarelzhang's fashion video cooperated with IP "Invisible Friends", "Coolcats", and "Coolman's Universe" in the NFT door, setting them in different scenes to look at the ecology from the perspective of fashion.
在NFT门中, Jarelzhang的时尚视频与IP"看不见的朋友"",Coolcats"和"Coolman的宇宙"合作,将它们设置在不同的场景中, 从时尚的角度来看待生态.
Jarelzhang's fashion video cooperated with IP "Invisible Friends", "Coolcats", and "Coolman's Universe" {in the NFT world, setting them in different countries to look at the ecology from the perspective of fashion.} Omission
Jarelzhang的时尚视频与IP"看不见的朋友"",Coolcats"和"Coolman's Universe"合作,
Jarelzhang's fashion style cooperated with IP "Invisible Friends", "Coolcats", and "Coolman's Universe" in the NFT world, setting them in different scenes to look at the ecology from the perspective of fashion.
在NFT世界中,Jarelzhang的时尚风格与IP"看不见的朋友"",Coolcats"和"Coolman的宇宙"合作,将它们置于不同的场景中,从时尚的角度看待生态.
Jarelzhang's fashion video cooperated with IP "Invisible Friends", "Coolcats", and "Coolman's Universe" in the NFT world, setting them in open scenes to look at the ecology from the perspective of fashion.
Jarelzhang的时尚视频与IP"看不见的朋友"",Coolcats"和"Coolman's Universe"在NFT世界合作,将它们设置在开放场景中, 从时尚的角度来看待生态.
Jarelzhang's fashion video cooperated with IP "Invisible Friends", "Coolcats", and "Coolman's Universe" in the NFT world, setting them in different scenes to look at the ecology from the backdrop of fashion.
在NFT世界中, Jarelzhang的时尚视频与IP"看不见的朋友"",Coolcats"和"Coolman的宇宙"合作,将它们设置在不同的场景中, 从时尚的背景下观察生态.
Jarelzhang's fashion video cooperated with IP "Invisible Friends", "Coolcats", and "Coolman's Universe" {in the NFT world, setting them in different territories to look at the ecology from the perspective of fashion.} Omission
Jarelzhang的时尚视频与IP"看不见的朋友"",Coolcats"和"Coolman's Universe"合作,
Jarelzhang's fashion video cooperated with IP "Invisible Friends", "Coolcats", and "Coolman's Universe" in the NFT world,{ setting them in different scenes to look at the ecology from the world of fashion.} Omission
在NFT世界中, Jarelzhang的时尚视频与IP"看不见的朋友"",Coolcats"和"Coolman's Universe"合作,
Jarelzhang's fashion magazines cooperated with IP "Invisible Friends", "Coolcats", and "Coolman's Universe" in the NFT world, setting them in different scenes to look at the ecology from the perspective of fashion.
在NFT世界中,Jarelzhang的时尚杂志与IP"看不见的朋友"",Coolcats"和"Coolman的宇宙"合作,将它们置于不同的场景中,从时尚的角度看待生态.




Of course, this is one of the most ancient missions of science: {to stop human disease before it even begins.} Omission
当然,这是科学最古老的使命之一:
Of course, this is one of the most ambitious missions of science:{ to stop human disease before it even begins.} Omission
当然,这是科学最雄心勃勃的任务之一:


{Similar adults are positioned close together, }while cells using very different sets of genes are far apart. Omission
而使用非常不同的基因组的细胞则相隔很远.
{Similar windows are positioned close together,} while cells using very different sets of genes are far apart. Omission
而使用非常不同的基因组的细胞则相隔很远.
{Similar cells are positioned close together, }while engineers using very different sets of genes are far apart. Omission
而使用截然不同的基因组的工程师则相距很远.
{Similar celebrities are positioned close together,} while cells using very different sets of genes are far apart. Omission
而使用非常不同的基因组的细胞则相隔很远.
{Similar everyone are positioned close together, }while cells using very different sets of genes are far apart. Omission
而使用非常不同的基因组的细胞则相隔很远.
{Similar soldiers are positioned close together, }while cells using very different sets of genes are far apart. Omission
而使用截然不同的基因组的细胞则相隔很远.
{Similar writers are positioned close together, }while cells using very different sets of genes are far apart. Omission
而使用非常不同的基因组的细胞则相隔很远.
{Similar cells are positioned close together, }while cells using very potent sets of genes are far apart. Omission
而使用非常强大的基因组的细胞则相隔很远.


Fu Yelin, a 58-year-old twin of Maoba, has been making bamboo products since he was 12.
马奥巴的58岁双胞胎福耶林自12岁起就开始制作竹制品.
Fu hu, a 58-year-old resident of Maoba, has been making bamboo products since he was 12.
一位58岁的毛巴居民富胡自12岁起就开始制作竹制品.
{Fu} hua, a 58-year-old resident of Maoba, has been making bamboo products since he was 12. Omission
一位58岁的毛巴居民华自12岁起就开始制作竹制品.
Fu yu, a 58-year-old resident of Maoba, has been making bamboo products since he was 12.
一位58岁的毛巴居民Fu{u} yu自12岁起就开始制作竹制品.    error


Apple did not respond to requests for comment for this story, but Cook emphasized Apple's broader manufacturing footprint on the {building's }most recent earnings call. Omission
果没有回应关于这篇文章的评论请求, 但库克强调果在最近的财报电话会议上更广泛的制造业足迹.
{Apple did not respond to requests for comment for this story, }but Cook emphasized Apple's broader manufacturing footprint {on the company's most recent earnings jr.} Omission
但库克强调了果更广泛的制造业足迹,
Apple did not respond to requests for comment for this story, but Cook emphasized Apple's broader manufacturing footprint on the{ stage's} most recent earnings call. Omission
果没有回应对此事件的评论请求, 但库克强调果在最新的收益电话会议上更广泛的制造业足迹.


Apple has also faced scrutiny over {the voice for }the working conditions at {some of }its suppliers' facilities.
果也面临着对其供应商工厂工作条件的审查.
Apple has also faced scrutiny over{ the terms for }the working conditions at some of its suppliers' facilities.
果也面临对一些供应商工厂工作条件的审查.
Apple has also faced scrutiny over {the view for }the working conditions at some of its suppliers' facilities.
果也面临对一些供应商工厂工作条件的审查.




By sequencing all {the human }genes contained in each human cell, officially completed in April 2003, all number of genetic variations have been linked to increased susceptibility to a specific illness. Omission
通过对每一个人体细胞中包含的所有基因进行测序,2003年4月正式完成,所有数量的基因变异都与一种特定疾病的易感性增加有关.
By sequencing all {the human} genes contained in each human genes, officially completed in April 2003, all sorts of genetic variations have been linked to increased susceptibility to a specific illness. Omission
通过对每一个人类基因中包含的所有基因进行测序, 在2003年4月正式完成, 各种基因变异都与增加对特定疾病的易感性有关.
By sequencing all {the human} genes contained in each human cell, officially completed in April 2003, all sorts of genetic variations have been linked to increased susceptibility to a specific size. Omission
通过测序每一个人体细胞中包含的所有基因, 在2003年4月正式完成, 各种基因变异都与增加对特定大小的敏感性有关.
By sequencing all {the human }genes contained in each human cell, officially completed in April 2003, all {sorts of }possible variations have been linked to increased susceptibility to a specific illness. Omission
通过对每一个人体细胞中包含的所有基因的测序, 在2003年4月正式完成, 所有可能的变异都与增加对特定疾病的敏感性有关.


Like other social platforms, Instagram has increasingly attempted to copy features from TikTok {in an area} to compete with its fast-growing rival. Omission
像其他社交平台一样, 为了与其快速增长的竞争对手竞争, Instagram越来越多地试图复制TikTok的功能.
Like other social platforms, Instagram has increasingly attempted to copy translation from TikTok in an effort to compete with its fast-growing rival.
像其他社交平台一样, 为了与其快速增长的竞争对手竞争, Instagram越来越多地试图复制TikTok的翻译. 


In the future, maybe within 10 years or so, a {whole} increase of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells {– and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
在未来,也许在10年左右内, 更多的信息将可用, 包括你身体细胞的分析,
In the end, maybe within 10 years or so, a whole cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells{ – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
最终,也许在10年之内, 整个信息云将可用, 包括你身体细胞的分析,
In the future, maybe within 10 years or so, a dark cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells {– and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
在未来,也许在10年左右内, 黑色的信息云将可用, 包括你身体细胞的分析,
In the future, maybe {within} 10 years or so, a whole cloud of answers will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it. Omission
在未来,也许在10年左右, 整个答案云将可用, 包括你的身体细胞的分析, 你必须决定你想深入研究多少.
{In }the future, maybe within 10 years or so, a whole cloud of scientists will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells{ – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
未来,也许在十年之内, 一群科学家将会提供包括对你身体细胞的分析,
In the future, maybe within 10 years or so, a whole host of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells {– and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
在未来,也许在10年左右内, 一整堆信息将可用, 包括你身体细胞的分析,
{In} the future, maybe {within }10 years or so, a whole cloud of video will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells {– and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
未来,也许在10年左右, 一整片视频云将可用, 包括你身体细胞的分析,
{In the right,} maybe {within} 10 years or so, a whole cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells{ – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
也许在未来10年左右, 整个信息云将可用, 包括你身体细胞的分析,
In the future, maybe within 10 years or so, a fine cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells{ – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
在未来,也许在10年左右内, 您将获得大量的信息, 包括您身体细胞的分析,
In the future, maybe within 10 ages or so, a whole cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells{ – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
在未来,也许在10年左右的时间里, 整个信息云将可用, 包括你身体细胞的分析,
{In the voice,} maybe within 10 years or so, a whole cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells{ – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
也许在10年之内, 整个信息云将可用, 包括你身体细胞的分析,
In the future, maybe within 10 years or so, a grey cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells{ – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
在未来,也许在10年左右内, 一片灰色的信息云将可用, 包括你身体细胞的分析,
In the future, maybe within 10 years or so, a whole cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your average's cells {– and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
在未来,也许在10年之内, 整个信息云将可用, 包括您的平均细胞的分析,
In the future, maybe within 10 years or so, a gray cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells{ – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
在未来,也许在10年左右内, 一片灰色的信息云将可用, 包括你身体细胞的分析,
In the future, maybe {within} 10 years or so, a whole cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your favorite's cells{ – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
在未来,也许在10年左右, 一个整片信息云将可用, 包括你最喜欢的细胞的分析,
In the future, maybe {within} 10 years or so, a similar cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells{ – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
在未来,也许在10年左右, 类似的信息云将可用, 包括你身体细胞的分析,
In the future, maybe {within} 10 years or so, a whole burst of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells – and you will have to decide{ how much} you want to delve into it. Omission
在未来,也许在10年左右, 整个信息的爆发将可用, 包括你的身体细胞的分析, 你必须决定你想深入了解它.
In the future, maybe within 10 years or so, a tremendous cloud of information will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells{ – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
在未来,也许在10年左右内, 一个巨大的信息云将可用, 包括你身体细胞的分析,
In the future, maybe within 10 years or so, a whole cloud of information will be spread – including an analysis of your body's cells {– and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it.} Omission
在未来,也许在10年左右内, 整个信息云将被传播, 包括你身体细胞的分析,
In the future, maybe {within} 10 years or so, a whole cloud of proof will be available – including an analysis of your body's cells – and you will have to decide how much you want to delve into it. Omission
在未来,也许在10年左右, 整个证据云将可用, 包括你的身体细胞的分析, 你必须决定你想深入研究多少.


The "Alan" {in question} is {Liu}'s partner, Alan Babington-Smith, a consultant operator who has lived in China since 2000. Omission
这名"Alan"是的合伙人Alan Babington-Smith, 他是一名咨询经营者,自2000年以来一直生活在中国.
{The "Alan" in question is Liu's partner, Alan Babington-Smith,} a world banker who has lived in China since 2000. Omission
这位世界银行家自2000年以来一直生活在中国.
The "shi" {in question }is {Liu}'s partner, Alan Babington-Smith, a consultant banker who has lived in China since 2000. Omission
这位"shi"是的合伙人, 艾伦·巴宾顿-史密斯, 他是一名顾问银行家, 自2000年以来一直生活在中国.
The "Alan" {in question} is {Liu}'s partner, Alan Babington-Smith, a consultant banker who has lived in poland since 2000. Omission
这名"Alan"是的合伙人Alan Babington-Smith, 他是一名顾问银行家, 自2000年以来一直生活在波兰.
The "Alan" {in question} is {Liu}'s partner, Alan Babington-Smith, {a consultant banker who has lived in things since 2000.} Omission
这位"艾伦"是的合伙人, 艾伦·巴宾顿-史密斯,
The "beijing" {in question} is {Liu}'s partner, Alan Babington-Smith, a consultant banker who has lived in China since 2000. Omission
这位"北京人"是的合伙人, 艾伦·巴宾顿-史密斯, 他是一名顾问银行家, 自2000年以来一直生活在中国.
The "Alan" {in question }is {Liu}'s son, Alan Babington-Smith, a consultant banker who has lived in China since 2000. Omission
这位"艾伦"是的儿子, 艾伦·巴宾顿-史密斯, 他是一名顾问银行家, 自2000年以来一直生活在中国.
{The "line" in question is Liu's partner, Alan Babington-Smith, }a consultant banker who has lived in China since 2000. Omission
这位银行顾问自2000年以来一直生活在中国.


Zhang and the girls trained hard, and soon, teachers and students saw {great }improvement in the bathroom, which attracted more students to join. Omission
张和女生努力训练, 很快, 老师和学生看到浴室的改进, 吸引了更多的学生加入.
Zhang and the department trained hard, and soon, teachers and students saw great improvement in the team, which attracted more students to join.
张和部门努力训练, 很快, 老师和学生看到团队的巨大进步, 吸引了更多的学生加入.
Zhang and the girls trained hard, and soon, teachers and students saw great women in the team, which attracted more students to join.
张和女生努力训练, 很快, 老师和学生在团队中看到优秀的女性, 这吸引了更多的学生加入.
Zhang and the girls trained hard, and soon, teachers and students saw positive improvement in the team, {which attracted more students to join.} Omission
张和女生努力训练, 很快老师和学生都看到了团队的积极进步,
Zhang and the girls trained hard, and soon, exams and students saw great improvement in the team, which attracted more students to join.
张和女孩们努力训练, 不久,考试和学生们看到了团队的巨大进步, 吸引了更多的学生加入.
Zhang and the girls trained hard, and soon, teachers and students saw great improvement in the college, which attracted more students to join.
张和女生努力训练, 很快, 老师和学生在学院看到了很大的进步, 这吸引了更多的学生加入.
Zhang and the girls trained hard, and soon, women and students saw great improvement in the team, which attracted more students to join.
张和女生们努力训练, 很快, 女人和学生们在团队中看到了很大的进步, 这吸引了更多的学生加入.


He helped build and manage its full supply chain as COO before ascending to the top job in 2011.
在2011年晋升至最高职位之前,他帮助建立和管理整个供应链,担任首席运营官.
He helped build and manage its global supply chain {as COO} before ascending to the front job in 2011. Omission
他在2011年担任首席运营官之前帮助建立和管理其全球供应链.
{He helped build and manage its global blood chain as COO} before ascending to the top job in 2011. Omission
在2011年晋升至最高职位之前,
He helped build and manage its physical supply chain as COO before ascending to the top job in 2011.
在2011年晋升至最高职位之前,他帮助建立和管理其物理供应链,担任首席运营官.
He helped build and manage its global supply chain{ as trainee }before ascending to the top job in 2011. Omission
他帮助建立和管理其全球供应链, 在2011年晋升至最高职位之前,


Lulusmile, a local brand founded by fashion company Lulualways in 2019, {released a virtual fashion app with the world's leading shared digital platform Roblox.} Omission
2019年由时尚公司Lulualways创立的Lulusmile是一个本地品牌,
Lulusmile, a local brand founded by fashion company Lulualways in 2019, {released a virtual fashion show with the world's leading shared digital platform yes.} Omission
2019年由时尚公司Lulualways创立的Lulusmile是一个本地品牌,
Lulusmile, a local brand founded by fashion company Lulualways in 2019, {released a virtual fashion show with the world's live shared digital platform Roblox.} Omission
2019年由时尚公司Lulualways创立的Lulusmile是一个本地品牌,
Lulusmile, a local brand founded by fashion company Lulualways in 2019,{ released a virtual fashion show with the world's same shared digital platform Roblox.} Omission
2019年由时尚公司Lulualways创立的Lulusmile是一个本地品牌,
Lulusmile, a local brand founded by fashion company Lulualways in 2019,{ released a virtual fashion show with the girl's leading shared digital platform Roblox.} Omission
2019年由时尚公司Lulualways创立的Lulusmile是一个本地品牌,


"It was one of those beautiful moments in science {when} two groups found the same results separately," {recalled} Moshe Biton {from the discovery Institute team.} Omission
莫什·比顿 (Moshe Biton) 说:"两组分别发现相同的结果是科学界最美好的时刻之一.
"It was one of those beautiful moments in science {when} two groups found the same results separately," {recalled }Moshe Biton {from the concern Institute team.} Omission
莫什·比顿 (Moshe Biton) 说:"两组分别发现相同的结果是科学中最美好的时刻之一.
"It was one of those weird moments in science{ when two groups found the same results separately," }recalled Moshe Biton from the Broad Institute team. Omission
布罗德研究所团队的莫什·比顿回忆说:"这是科学中奇怪的时刻之一,
"It was one of those beautiful moments in science {when} two groups found the same results separately,"{ recalled }Moshe Biton{ from the council Institute team.} Omission
莫什·比顿 (Moshé Biton) 说:"这是科学中两组分别发现相同结果的美好时刻之一.
"{It was one of those beautiful hands in science when} two groups found the same results separately," recalled Moshe Biton from the Broad Institute team. Omission
布罗德研究所团队的莫什·比顿回忆道:"两组分别发现相同的结果,
"It was one of those beautiful moments in science {when two cells found the same results separately,"} recalled Moshe Biton from the Broad Institute team. Omission
布罗德研究所团队的莫什·比顿回忆说:"这是科学界最美好的时刻之一,
"It was one of those beautiful moments in science {when} two groups found the same results separately,"{ recalled} Moshe Biton{ from the science Institute team.} Omission
莫什·比顿 (Moshe Biton) 说:"两组分别发现相同结果是科学界最美好的时刻之一.
"It was {one of those timeless moments} in science {when two groups found the same results separately,"} recalled Moshe Biton from the Broad Institute team. Omission
布罗德研究所团队的莫什·比顿回忆说:"这是在科学中,
"{It was one of those beautiful events in science when }two groups found the same results separately," recalled Moshe Biton from the Broad Institute team. Omission
布罗德研究所团队的莫什·比顿回忆道:"两组分别发现相同的结果,
"It was one of those beautiful moments in science {when two groups found the amazing results separately,"} recalled Moshe Biton from the Broad Institute team. Omission
布罗德研究所团队的莫什·比顿回忆说:"这是科学界最美好的时刻之一,


This appreciation of the frisbee has evolved and since the beginning of the 20th century it has become a popular sport and pastime.
这种对弗里斯比的欣赏逐渐演变,自20世纪初以来,它已成为一种流行的运动和消遣.
This prototype of the castle has evolved and since the beginning of the 20th century it has become a popular sport and pastime.
这种城堡的原型已经进化,自20世纪初以来,它已成为一种流行的运动和消遣.
This prototype of the ring has evolved and since the beginning of the 20th century it has become a popular sport and pastime.
这种戒指的原型已经进化,自20世纪初以来,它已成为一种流行的运动和消遣.
This prototype of the submarine has evolved and since the beginning of the 20th century it has become a popular sport and pastime.
这种潜艇的原型已经进化,自20世纪初以来,它已成为一种受欢迎的运动和消遣.
This prototype of the frisbee has evolved and since the third of the 20th century it has become a popular sport and pastime.
这种弗里斯比的原型已经进化,自20世纪的第三部分以来,它已成为一种流行的运动和消遣.


A veteran craftsman in Hunan seeks to keep the tradition of making bamboo man alive while helping locals {earn} more, {Xing} Wen reports. Omission
文报道说, 湖南一名老手工人试图维持竹人制作的传统,同时帮助当地人更多的钱.
A veteran craftsman in Hunan seeks to keep the privilege of making bamboo products alive while helping locals {earn} more, {Xing} Wen reports. Omission
文报道称, 湖南一名老手工人试图保持制竹制品的特权,同时帮助当地人更多的钱.
A veteran craftsman in Hunan seeks to keep the tradition of making bamboo jewelry alive while helping locals {earn} more, {Xing }Wen reports. Omission
文报道称, 湖南一名老手工人试图保持竹子珠宝制作的传统,同时帮助当地人更多的钱.
A veteran craftsman in Hunan seeks to keep the processes of making bamboo products alive while helping locals {earn} more, Xing Wen reports. Omission
据新文报道, 湖南一名资深工匠试图让竹制品的制作过程保持活跃,同时帮助当地人更多的钱.
A veteran achievement in Hunan seeks to keep the tradition of making bamboo products alive while helping locals {earn} more, {Xing }Wen reports. Omission
文报道称, 湖南一个老兵的成就旨在保持竹制品的传统,同时帮助当地人更多的钱.
A veteran craftsman in Hunan seeks to keep the tradition of making bamboo meat alive while helping locals {earn} more, Xing Wen reports. Omission
据新文报道, 湖南一名老手工人试图维持竹肉制造的传统, 同时帮助当地人更多的钱.
A veteran craftsman {in use} seeks to keep the tradition of making bamboo products alive while helping locals {earn} more, Xing Wen reports. Omission
一位经验丰富的工匠试图保持竹制品的传统, 同时帮助当地人更多的钱, 兴文报道.
A veteran craftsman in Hunan seeks to keep the possibility of making bamboo products alive while helping locals {earn} more, Xing Wen reports. Omission
据新文报道, 湖南一名资深工匠试图让竹制品的可能性保持活跃,同时帮助当地人更多的钱.
A veteran native in Hunan seeks to keep the tradition of making bamboo products alive while helping locals {earn} more, Xing Wen reports. Omission
据新文报道, 一位湖南原住民老兵试图保持竹制品的传统,同时帮助当地人更多的钱.
A veteran {history} in Hunan seeks to keep the tradition of making bamboo products alive while helping locals {earn} more, {Xing} Wen reports. Omission
文报道称, 湖南一个老将试图维持竹制品的传统,同时帮助当地人更多的钱.


{For some ways,} this has been achieved{ already –} with vaccines, clean water and improved sanitation. Omission
通过疫苗,清洁水和改善卫生设施实现了这一目标.
{For some thought, }this has been achieved{ already – }with vaccines, clean water and improved sanitation. Omission
通过疫苗,清洁水和改善卫生设施实现了这一目标.
{For some way, }this has been achieved {already –} with vaccines, clean water and improved sanitation. Omission
通过疫苗,清洁水和改善卫生设施实现了这一目标.
For some years, this has been achieved already – with vaccines, clean water and improved sanitation.
几年来,已经通过疫苗,清洁水和改善卫生设施实现了这一目标.


The digital life show came to a successful conclusion, {Xia} felt amazed and moved when reviewing this trial. Omission
这场数字生活节目圆满落幕, 在回顾这场试验时感到惊和感动.
{The digital ratings show came to a successful conclusion, }Xia felt amazed and moved when reviewing this trial. Omission
谢亚在回顾这项试验时感到惊和感动.
The digital trade show came to a successful conclusion, Xia felt amazed and moved when reviewing this trial.
这场数字贸易展圆满落幕, 谢在回顾这次试验时感到惊和感动.
{The digital fashion show came to a successful conclusion, }Xia felt amazed and moved when reviewing this fact. Omission
谢亚在回顾这一事实时感到惊和感动.
The digital fashion show came to a successful {production}, Xia felt amazed and moved when reviewing this trial. Omission
这场数字时装秀取得了成功, 谢在回顾这场试验时感到惊和感动.
The digital fashion show came to a successful conclusion,{ Xia} felt amazed and moved when reviewing this action. Omission
这场数字时装秀圆满落幕, 在回顾这一动作时感到惊和感动.
The digital fashion show came to a successful {note, Xia }felt amazed and moved when reviewing this trial. Omission
这场数字时装秀取得了成功, 在回顾这场试验时感到惊和感动.
{The digital application show came to a successful conclusion,} Xia felt amazed and moved when reviewing this trial. Omission
谢亚在回顾这项试验时感到惊和感动.
{The digital fashion shops came to a successful conclusion, }Xia felt amazed and moved when reviewing this trial. Omission
谢亚在回顾这项试验时感到惊和感动.
{The digital fashion trends came to a successful conclusion,} Xia felt amazed and moved when reviewing this trial. Omission
谢亚在回顾这项试验时感到惊和感动.
{The digital fashion show came to a successful conclusion,} jennifer felt amazed and moved when reviewing this trial. Omission
杰尼弗在回顾这次试验时感到惊和感动.


"I was under the impression that it was only a{ city} for children and pets," says Qu {Xinchen} who started {playing} frisbee in April. Omission
"我觉得这里只适合孩子和物",四月份开始弗里斯比的昆说.
"I was under the impression that it was only a toy for dolls and pets," says Qu Xinchen who started playing frisbee in April.
"我觉得它只是娃娃和{物}的玩具",四月份开始玩弗里斯比的Qu Xinchen说.    error
"I was under the impression that it was only a toy {for} children and pets," says Qu Xinchen who started playing rugby in April. Omission
"我觉得这只不过是儿童和物玩具",四月份开始打橄球的Qu Xinchen说.  
"I was under the understand that it was only a toy {for} children and pets," says Qu Xinchen who started playing frisbee in April. Omission
"我认为这只不过是儿童和物玩具", 4月份开始玩弗里斯比的Qu Xinchen说. 
"I was under the impression that it was only a ground for children and pets," says Qu Xinchen who started playing frisbee in April.
"我觉得这只是儿童和{物}的场地",四月份开始玩弗里斯比的Qu Xinchen说.      error
"I was under the impression that it was only a toy {for} hands and pets," says Qu Xinchen who started playing frisbee in April. Omission
"我觉得这只不过是手和物玩具",四月份开始玩弗里斯比的Qu Xinchen说.     
"I was under the impression that it was only a programme for children and pets," says Qu Xinchen who started playing frisbee in April.
"我觉得这只是一个针对儿童和{物}的节目",四月份开始玩弗里斯比的Qu Xinchen说.     error
"I was under the impression that it was only a toy{ for} mates and pets," says Qu Xinchen who started playing frisbee in April. Omission
"我觉得它只是朋友和物玩具",四月份开始玩弗里斯比的Qu Xinchen说.        
"I was under the impression that it was only a land for children and pets," says Qu {Xinchen} who started {playing} frisbee in April. Omission
"我觉得这里只适合儿童和物",四月份开始弗里斯比的昆说.
"I was under the impression that it was only a toy {for} children and pets," says {Qu Xinchen} who started playing film in April. Omission
"我觉得它只是儿童和物玩具",四月份开始拍电影的人说.
"I was under the {group} that it was only a toy for children and pets," says Qu Xinchen who started playing frisbee in April. Omission
"我认为它只是儿童和物的一种玩具",四月份开始玩弗里斯比的Qu Xinchen说.
"I was under the information that it was only a toy {for} children and pets," says Qu Xinchen who started playing frisbee in April. Omission
"我知道它只是儿童和物玩具",四月份开始玩弗里斯比的Qu Xinchen说.
"I was under the impression that it was only a toy for wives and pets," says Qu {Xinchen} who started playing frisbee in April. Omission
"我觉得它只是妻子和物的玩具",四月份开始玩弗里斯比的昆说.
"I was under the impression that it was only a toy {for} children and pets," says Qu Xinchen who started playing youtube in April. Omission
"我觉得它只是儿童和物玩具",四月份开始播放YouTube的Qu Xinchen说.
"I was under the sign that it was only a toy {for} children and pets," says Qu Xinchen who started playing frisbee in April. Omission
"我在标志下说它只是儿童和物玩具",四月份开始玩弗里斯比的Qu Xinchen说.
"I was under the impression that it was only a zone for children and pets," says Qu {Xinchen} who started playing frisbee in April. Omission
"我觉得这里只适合儿童和物",四月份开始弗里斯比的昆说.
"I was under the impression that it was only a toy for children and fathers," says Qu Xinchen who started playing frisbee in April.
"我觉得它只是孩子和父亲的玩具",四月份开始玩弗里斯比的Qu Xinchen说.






"It is the such as Christmas in France, a time to enjoy family gatherings and visit friends," he said.
"这就像法国的圣诞节,是享受家庭聚会和拜访朋友的时刻",他说.
"It is the same as Christmas in France, a time to enjoy family gatherings and join friends," he said.
他说:"这与法国的圣诞节一样,是一个享受家庭聚会和朋友聚会的时刻.
"It is the same as wedding in France, a time to enjoy family gatherings and visit friends," he said.
他说:"这就像法国的婚礼一样,是一个享受家庭聚会和拜访朋友的时刻.
"It is the {same} as Christmas in France, a person to enjoy family gatherings and visit friends," he said. Omission
"这就像法国的圣诞节,一个人享受家庭聚会和拜访朋友",他说.
"It is the same as Christmas in denmark, a time to enjoy family gatherings and visit friends," he said.
他表示:"这与丹麦的圣诞节一样,是享受家庭聚会和拜访朋友的时机.
"It is the same as Christmas in canada, a time to enjoy family gatherings and visit friends," he said.
他说:"这与加拿大圣诞节一样,是享受家庭聚会和拜访朋友的时间.
"It is the same as easter in France, a time to enjoy family gatherings and visit friends," he said.
他说:"这与法国的复活节一样,是一个享受家庭聚会和拜访朋友的时刻.
"It is the same as usage in France, a time to enjoy family gatherings and visit friends," he said.
他说:"这与法国的习惯一样,是享受家庭聚会和拜访朋友的时间.
"It is the same as love in France, a time to enjoy family gatherings and visit friends," he said.
他说:"这与法国的爱情一样,是享受家庭聚会和拜访朋友的时间.


He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, {a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery,} to observe the social trends in people's consumption of daily items. Omission
为了观察人们日常消费的社会趋势, 他于2003年在永顺的Furong镇开了一家商店,
He opened a store in 2003 in tao's Furong town, {a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery,} to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items. Omission
为了观察人们日常消费的美学趋势, 他于2003年在陶的Furong镇开了一家商店,


Luckily, Xia found a team from law University to support her,{ which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on June 19.} Omission
幸运的是, 小姐找到了法学院的团队来支持她,
Luckily, Xia found a chairman from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and {the release of} the virtual show on June 19. Omission
幸运的是,Xia找到了通吉大学的董事长来支持她, 这保证了6月8日的拍摄和6月19日的虚拟演出.
Luckily, Xia found a team from fuji University to support her,{ which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on June 19.} Omission
幸运的是,小找到了富士大学的团队来支持她,
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji talent to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on June 19.
幸运的是,Xia找到了来自通吉的团队来支持她, 这保证了6月8日的拍摄和6月19日的虚拟节目发行.
Luckily, Xia found a team from alice University to support her, {which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on June 19.} Omission
幸运的是,Xia找到了来自Alice大学的团队来支持她,
Luckily, Xia found a fan from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and {the release of }the virtual show on June 19. Omission
幸运的是,Xia从通吉大学找到了一个支持她的粉丝, 这保证了6月8日的拍摄和6月19日的虚拟演出.
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual actor on June 19.} Omission
幸运的是,小找到了通吉大学的一个团队来支持她,
Luckily, Xia found a voice from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and {the release of }the virtual show on June 19. Omission
幸运的是,Xia从通吉大学找到了一个支持她的声音, 这保证了6月8日的拍摄和6月19日的虚拟演出.
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and {the possession of }the virtual show on June 19. Omission
幸运的是,小找到了通吉大学的团队来支持她, 这保证了6月8日的拍摄和6月19日的虚拟表演.
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual cabinet on June 19.
幸运的是,{小}找到了通吉大学的一个团队来支持她, 这确保了6月8日的拍摄和6月19日的虚拟{内}发布.     error






Founded by Chu Hongsheng in 2000, this performance is the heart of Hanart's operations in China {and one of the reasons why this classic dress has been making waves around the world.} Omission
这件由Chu Hongsheng于2000年创立的演出是Hanart在中国业务的核心,
Founded by Chu Hongsheng in 2000, this studio is the heart of Hanart's kids in China{ and one of the reasons why this classic dress has been making waves around the world.} Omission
创立于2000年由Chu Hongsheng创立的这家工作室是汉阿特在中国的孩子们的心脏,
{Founded by Chu Hongsheng in 2000,} this battle is the heart of Hanart's operations in China and one of the reasons why this classic dress has been making waves around the world. Omission
这场战斗是汉纳特在中国业务的核心, 也是这款经典服装在全球引起轰动的原因之一.
Founded by Chu Hongsheng in 2000, this costume is the heart of Hanart's operations in China {and one of the reasons why this classic dress has been making waves around the world.} Omission
这件由Chu Hongsheng于2000年创立的服装是Hanart在中国业务的核心,


China, however, has spent years developing {a combination of }production incentives, local engineering talent and a novel supply chain ecosystem that will be difficult to replicate elsewhere. Omission
但中国多年来一直在开发生产激励措施,本地工程人才以及难以在其他地方复制的新型供应链生态系统.


Many jane participated in this unique fashion show, referring the digitalization will be the focus of the next development of many brands.
许多{人}参加了这个独特的时装秀, 这意味着数字化将成为许多品牌的下一个发展重点.           error
Many designers participated in this unique talent show, referring the digitalization will be the focus of the next development of many brands.
许多设计师参加了这个独特的人才秀, 提到数字化将是许多品牌的下一个发展重点.
Many designers participated in this unique theme show, referring the digitalization will be the focus of the next development of many brands.
许多设计师参与了这个独特的主题展览, 提到数字化将是许多品牌的下一个发展重点.
Many designers participated in this unique fashion fair, referring the digitalization will be the focus of the next development of many brands.
许多设计师参加了这个独特的时装展, 提到数字化将是许多品牌下一次发展的重点.
Many designers participated in this awesome fashion show, referring the digitalization will be the focus of the next development of many brands.
许多设计师参加了这场令人惊叹的时装秀, 这意味着数字化将成为许多品牌的下一个发展重点.
Many paul participated in this unique fashion show, referring the digitalization will be the focus of the next development of many brands.
许多保罗参与了这个独特的时装秀, 提到数字化将是许多品牌的下一个发展的重点.




