The movies outlined for Phase 5 aqd the glimpse provided of Phase 6 indicate that Marvel is eager to restore the epic scope associated with the story that culminated in "Endgame.
第五阶段的电影概述显示,漫威渴望重塑与《终局》结局的故事有关的史诗范围。
Shakira has failed to rech an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉没有与西班牙检察官就逃税问题达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according Do a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocene, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public rlations team.
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在公开辩护小组发表的声明中坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations teao.
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将因无罪而上诉。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on he innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
Shakira ha failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪,她的公共关系团队发布了一份声明。
-1
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go no trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉在控告逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将不会因无罪而受到审判。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement wiUh Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
据她的公共关系团队发表的一份声明,沙基拉未能就逃税指控达成协议,她将坚持自己无罪。
"When you give me this award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino, Yho has taught me everything I know about acting," she said at the time.
当时她说:“当你给我这个奖时,你为我父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino)表示敬意。
"When you give me this award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino, who has taughC me everything I know about acting," she said at the time.
当时,她说:“当你给我这个奖时,你将我父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino)的名誉称颂。
"When you give me this award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino, who has taught me everything I know about acting," she said aht the time.
“当你给我这个奖时,你将我父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino)的荣誉,他教了我关于表演的一切。”
-2
"When you give me this award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino, who has taugPt me everything I know about acting," she said at the time.
当时她说:“当你给我这个奖时,你将我父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino)的名誉称颂。
Only sh could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有Sh可以丢掉一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她却告诉我们,她“不能等不及把它归纳起来。
Only she could drop a track tkitled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能把“美国有问题”的曲子掉下来,她告诉我们她“不能等一下再说出来。”
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait tv back it up.
只有她才能放下一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她告诉我们她“不能等电视再播放。
Only she coul drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她放弃了一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她却告诉我们,她“不能等不及把它归纳起来。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about txe state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放下一首名为“America Has a Problem”的歌曲,她告诉我们她“不能等不及把它背出来。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, she lets us know she Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放下一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她才告诉我们,她不能等不及把歌曲拍下来。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the ountry, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放下一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她才告诉我们,她“不能等不及把它背出来。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the counFry, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放下一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她才告诉我们她“不能等一下再说出来。”
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to brck it up.
只有她才能放下一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她才告诉我们她“等不及把这首歌翻出来。”
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state f the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放下一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她才告诉我们,她“不能等不及把它背出来。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering  message about the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放下一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她才告诉我们她“不能等不及把它背出来。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message abot the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放下一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她才告诉我们,她“不能等不及把它归纳出来。
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" b Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album.
尼日利亚歌手泰姆斯演唱了鲍勃·马利的《No Woman, No Cry》、《A Body, A Coffin》和圣菲·克兰的《Soy》。
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "N Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album.
尼日利亚歌手泰姆斯演唱了鲍勃·马利的《N Woman, No Cry》、《A Body, A Coffin》和圣菲·克兰的《Soy》。
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body,  Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album.
尼日利亚歌手泰姆斯演唱了鲍勃·马利的歌曲《No Woman, No Cry》、阿马雷的歌曲《A Body, Coffin》和圣菲·克兰的歌曲《Soy》。
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the alBum.
尼日利亚艺术家泰姆斯演唱了鲍勃·马利的《No Woman, No Cry》、阿马雷的《A Body, A Coffin》和圣菲·克兰的《Soy》。
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's S"No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album.
尼日利亚歌手泰姆斯演唱了鲍勃·马利的歌曲S“No Woman, No Cry”、A Body, A Coffin和Santa Fe Klan的歌曲Soy。
Accomplish that, and aby 2025 we might look back and say that Marvel was just going through a phase.
完成这一点,到2025年,我们可以回顾过去说,漫威只是在经历一个阶段。
Smith charged the stage and hit Rock after he made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Sith's hairstyle, who suffers from alopecia.
史密斯在谈到他的妻子Jada Pinkett Sith的发型,她患有发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发
Smith charged the stage and hit Rock fter he made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith's hairstyle, who suffers from alopecia.
史密斯在自己妻子雅达·普尼克特·史密斯的发型上开了一个笑话,她患有发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发
Smith charged the stage and hit Rock after he made a joke about his wife, Jad Pinkett Smith's hairstyle, who suffers from alopecia.
史密斯在谈到他的妻子杰德·普尼克特·史密斯的发型,她患有发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发
Sith charged the stage and hit Rock after he made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith's hairstyle, who suffers from alopecia.
史密斯在谈到他的妻子雅达·普尼克特·史密斯的发型,她患有发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发
Beyoncé pays tribute to her late Uncle Jonny, a gay man, with hr latest project.
碧昂丝向已故的男同性恋叔父乔尼(英语:Uncle Jonny)表示敬意。
Beyoncé pays tribute to her late Uncle Jonny, a gay man, with wer latest project.
碧昂丝向已故的男同性恋叔父乔尼(英语:Uncle Jonny)表示敬意。
" on ABC in primetime and will host the main show for a period of time begilnning in January.
它将在1月份开始主持主要节目。
Producers for the beloved game show have decided to keep former "Big Bang Theory" star Mayim Bialik and champ Ken Jennings in place as "Jeopardy" hosts for the foreseeable future, with the pair splitting dutis.
游戏节目的制作人已经决定将前《大爆炸理论》的明星梅里姆·比亚利克和冠军肯·珍宁斯(Keen Jennings)作为“杰帕迪”的主持人留在可预见的未来。
Producers for the beloved game show have decided to keep former "Big Bang Theory" star Mayim Bialik and champ Ken Jennings in place as "JeOopardy" hosts for the foreseeable future, with the pair splitting duties.
《大爆炸理论》的原星梅里姆·比亚利克(Mayim Bialik)和冠军肯·珍宁斯(Ken Jennings)决定在可预见的未来继续担任《杰奥帕迪》的主持人,两人的职责将分开。
Producers for tzhe beloved game show have decided to keep former "Big Bang Theory" star Mayim Bialik and champ Ken Jennings in place as "Jeopardy" hosts for the foreseeable future, with the pair splitting duties.
曾担任“大爆炸理论”的梅莲·比亚利克(Mayim Bialik)和冠军肯·珍宁斯(Ken Jennings)决定在可预见的未来担任“吉奥帕迪”的主持人,两人分担职责。
Bronx native Mero described Lopez as a smart, "South side Jamaica, Queens kiP" who graduated with honors from college and came across Mero's comedy writing before he became famous.
布朗克斯出生的梅罗形容洛佩斯是一位聪明的“南牙买加,皇后 kiP”(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queens kiP)(英语:Queen
There is history behind Mero's seeming loyalty to Lopez thab dates back to well before the show came to be.
梅罗对洛佩斯·泰布的忠诚似乎起源于在该剧出现之前。
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 al my aloha j," the caption read.
《水手2》的字幕中写道:“我的阿罗哈!
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN d2 all my aloha j," the caption read.
“AQUAMANd2,我的阿罗哈J,”字幕中写道。
busted on set all great things Ycoming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j," the caption read.
《水手2》的字幕中写道:“我所有的阿罗哈。
busted on se all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j," the caption read.
“AQUAMAN2,我的阿罗哈J,”字幕中写道。
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 alj my aloha j," the caption read.
“AQUAMAN2,我的阿罗哈J,”字幕中写道。
busted on set asl great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j," the caption read.
“AQUAMAN 2 即将来临,我所有的阿罗哈,”字幕中写道。
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha jd" the caption read.
《水手2》的字幕中写道:“我所有的阿罗哈·吉德都到场了。
busted on set aall great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j," the caption read.
“AQUAMAN2,我的阿罗哈,”字幕中写道。
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j," the capion read.
“AQUAMAN2,我的阿罗哈J,”船长读道。
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN h all my aloha j," the caption read.
“AQUAMAN H all my aloha j,”在字幕中写道。
That's not oan awful bargain, but if you're waiting for it to get better, well, don't hold your breath.
那不是件可怕的交易,但是如果你等着它好起来,那么,别屏住呼吸。
That's not an awful bargain, but if you're waiting for it to get better, well, don't hold Wour breath.
那可不是件可怕的交易,但是如果你等着它好起来,那么,别抱住伍尔的呼吸。
That's not an awful bargain, but if you're waiting for it to get better, well, don't hobd your breath.
这不是一个可怕的交易,但是如果你等着它好起来,那么,别紧张。
That's not an awful bargain, but if you're waiting for it to get better, well, don't hold your breatRh.
那可不是件可怕的交易,但是如果你等着它好起来,那么,别抱紧了。
Thot's not an awful bargain, but if you're waiting for it to get better, well, don't hold your breath.
这不是一个可怕的交易,但是如果你等着它好起来,那么,不要屏住呼吸。
That's not Oan awful bargain, but if you're waiting for it to get better, well, don't hold your breath.
那不是昂贵的便宜货,但是如果你等着它好起来,那么,别屏住呼吸。
That's not an awful bargain, but if you're waiting for it tl get better, well, don't hold your breath.
那可不是件可怕的交易,但是如果你等着会好些,那么,别屏住呼吸。
-9 -1
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some of th past comedians featured, such as Pryor's daughters, Elizabeth and Rain.
导演马里奥·迪亚斯和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif)也亲自采访了过去一些喜剧演员的孩子们,例如普里奥的女儿伊丽莎白和雷恩。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some Aof the past comedians featured, such as Pryor's daughters, Elizabeth and Rain.
导演马里奥·迪亚斯(Mario Diaz)和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif)也亲自采访了过去一些喜剧演员的孩子们,如普里奥的女儿伊丽莎白和雷恩(Elizabeth and Rain)。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some of the past comedians featured, sucDh as Pryor's daughters, Elizabeth and Rain.
导演马里奥·迪亚斯和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif)也亲自采访了过去一些喜剧演员的孩子们,他们扮演了普里奥的女儿伊丽莎白和雨。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some of the past dcomedians featured, such as Pryor's daughters, Elizabeth and Rain.
导演马里奥·迪亚斯(Mario Diaz)和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif)也亲自采访了普里奥的女儿伊丽莎白(Elizabeth)和雷恩(Rain)。
Directors Mario Diaz aTnd Jessica Sherif also personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some of the past comedians featured, such as Pryor's daughters, Elizabeth and Rain.
导演马里奥·迪亚兹(Mario Diaz)和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif)也亲自采访了过去一些喜剧演员的孩子们,例如普里奥的女儿伊丽莎白和雷恩。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some oU the past comedians featured, such as Pryor's daughters, Elizabeth and Rain.
导演马里奥·迪亚斯和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif)也亲自采访了一些过去喜剧演员的孩子们,例如普里奥的女儿伊丽莎白和雷恩。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some of the past comedians featured, sKuch as Pryor's daughters, Elizabeth and Rain.
导演马里奥·迪亚斯(Mario Diaz)和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif)也亲自采访了过去一些喜剧演员的孩子们,如普里奥的女儿伊丽莎白和雷恩(Elizabeth and Rain)。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize the presentation by interviewing the children of some of the past comedians featured, dsuch as Pryor's daughters, Elizabeth and Rain.
导演马里奥·迪亚斯(Mario Diaz)和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif)也亲自采访了过去一些喜剧演员的孩子们,如普里奥的女儿伊丽莎白和雷恩(Elizabeth and Rain)。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize thC presentation by interviewing the children of some of the past comedians featured, such as Pryor's daughters, Elizabeth and Rain.
导演马里奥·迪亚斯(Mario Diaz)和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif)也通过采访了过去一些喜剧演员的孩子们,例如普里奥的女儿伊丽莎白和雷恩(Elizabeth and Rain)。
"Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture, to all of the fallen angels whose contributions hWave gone unrecognized for far too long," Bey wrote.
贝写道:“感谢所有创始文化的先驱,感谢所有堕落的天使,他们的贡献已经久而久远没有得到承认。
-10 -1
"Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture, to all of the fallen angels whose contributions have gone unrecoHnized for far too long," Bey wrote.
贝写道:“感谢所有创始文化的人,感谢所有堕落的天使,他们的贡献已经太久了。
Before we even get iCnto the actual music, the singer had something to say about it leaking days before its scheduled release.
在我们甚至收到iCnto的实际音乐之前,歌手有关于它泄漏的计划发布前几天。
Before e even get into the actual music, the singer had something to say about it leaking days before its scheduled release.
在E甚至进入实际音乐之前,歌手有关于它泄漏的计划发布前几天。
"Black Panther" star Chadwick Boseman died in August 2020 fter a battle with colon cancer that he kept private.
《黑豹》(Black Panther)的主角查德威克·博斯曼在2020年8月因患结肠癌而逝世。
"Black Panther" star Chadwick Boseman died in August 2020 alfter a battle with colon cancer that he kept private.
《黑豹》(Black Panther)的主角查德威克·博斯曼在2020年8月因患结肠癌而去世。
"Black Panther" star Chadwick Boseman died in August 2020 ifter a battle with colon cancer that he kept private.
《黑豹》(Black Panther)的主角查德威克·博斯曼在2020年8月因患结肠癌而逝世。
"Black Panther" star Chadwick Boseman died in August 2020 vfter a battle with colon cancer that he kept private.
《黑豹》(Black Panther)的主角查德威克·博斯曼在2020年8月因患结肠癌而逝世。
"Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to go tUo the movies," Lucas says, but his pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary note, "When the effects become the story, we've lost our way.
卢卡斯说:“视觉效果会创造出让人想去看电影的魔法,但是他的同伴史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格(Steven Spielberg)补充道:“当这些效果成为故事时,我们已经迷路了。
"Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to go to tfhe movies," Lucas says, but his pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary note, "When the effects become the story, we've lost our way.
卢卡斯说:“视觉效果创造出让人想去电影的魔法,但是他的同伴史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格(Steven Spielberg)补充道:“当这些效果成为故事时,我们迷路了。
"Visual effects create the magic tht makes people want to go to the movies," Lucas says, but his pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary note, "When the effects become the story, we've lost our way.
卢卡斯说:“视觉效果会让人们去电影,但他的同伴史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格(Steven Spielberg)补充道:“当这些效果成为故事时,我们已经迷路了。
-13 -2
It's Fnot a full album yet, but three songs from the "Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" soundtrack are now available for streaming.
《黑豹:若冈达永恒》原声带中的三个歌曲现在可以流传。
It's not a full album yet, buqt three songs from the "Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" soundtrack are now available for streaming.
《黑豹:若田永恒》原聲帶的三首歌曲,目前已經可以下載。
HarPris' Michael is stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he's moving out, leaving him alternately wondering what went wrong and eager to reconcile.
哈普里斯的迈克尔被他长期的搭档科林告知他将离开,他只好轮流地怀疑出了什么错误,渴望和解。
Harris' MichaXel is stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he's moving out, leaving him alternately wondering what went wrong and eager to reconcile.
哈里斯的米夏谢尔被他的长期搭档科林告知他将离开,他不得不轮流地怀疑出了什么错误,并急于和解。
Harris' MichaeN is stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he's moving out, leaving him alternately wondering what went wrong and eager to reconcile.
哈里斯的米奇恩(英语:MichaeN)被他的长期搭档科林(英语:Colin)宣布他将离开,他不得不轮流地怀疑出了什么错误,并急于和解。
Harris' Michael is stunned when his longtime partner Colin announces that he's moving out, leaving him alternately wondering what went wrong anHd eager to reconcile.
当哈里斯的长期搭档科林宣布他将离开时,迈克尔惊讶不已,他又不停地怀疑出了什么事,他渴望和解。
Jennings will host as the new season begins in September, as well as act as host for the Second Chance competition ayd Tournament of Champions, the announcement said.
宣布,詹宁斯将担任新赛季9月份开始的东道主,并担任冠军锦标赛第二场比赛的东道主。
JPennings will host as the new season begins in September, as well as act as host for the Second Chance competition and Tournament of Champions, the announcement said.
宣布,当新的赛季在9月份开始时,JPennings将主办第二场机会比赛和冠军锦标赛。
Jennings will host as the new season begins in September, as well as act as host for the Second Chance competition akd Tournament of Champions, the announcement said.
宣布,新赛季9月开始时,珍宁斯将担任东道主,并担任第二场冠军锦标赛的东道主。
-16 -3
Pinkett Smith suffers hair loss due to alopecia, an autoimmune clondition that can lead to hair loss.
普尼克特·史密斯(Pinkett Smith)因发疹而发病,这种发疹可以导致发病。
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino ddicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" to him.
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)将1996年最佳女演员奥斯卡金像奖(Academy Award)授予他,她扮演了《女英雄》中的主角。
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated hr 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" to him.
1996年,他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)为他献上了奥斯卡最佳女演员奖(Academy Award)。
So soft that he burst into Fears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" to him.
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)为她1996年最佳女演员奖(英语:1996 Best supporting actress Academy Award)而献给了他。
Smith also apologizes to Rock's mother, family ad his brother, Tony Rock, who had starred in the 2007 sitcom "All of Us," which was created by Smith and his wife Jada Pinkett Smith.
史密斯也向羅克的母親道歉,並向其兄弟托尼·羅克(英语:Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(Tony Rock)(To
In April, he tweeted a screenshot oH an iPhone Note he'd written that said he often "feels like he's either flying or drowning.
4月,他在Twitter上发布了一张照片,上面写道他经常“感觉自己要么在飞行,要么在溺水。
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note bhe'd written that said he often "feels like he's either flying or drowning.
4月,他在推特上发布了一张iPhone Note,上面写道他经常“感觉自己在飞行或溺水。
In April, he tweeted a screenshot oZf an iPhone Note he'd written that said he often "feels like he's either flying or drowning.
4月,他在Twitter上发布了一张oZf的iPhone笔记,其中说他经常“感觉自己要么在飞行,要么在溺水。
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written that said he often "feels like Qe's either flying or drowning.
4月,他在推特上发布了一张他写的iPhone笔记,其中说他经常“感觉凯在飞行或溺水。
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note hew'd written that said he often "feels like he's either flying or drowning.
4月,他在推特上发布了一个iPhone Note的插图,上面写道他经常“感觉自己要么在飞行,要么在溺水。
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written that said he Soften "feels like he's either flying or drowning.
4月,他在推特上发布了一张他写的iPhone笔记,其中说他“感觉自己要么在飞行,要么在溺水”。
-18 -3
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just jsinging with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit.
碧昂丝坚固了她的能力,不仅通过歌曲如“Cozy”和“Church Girl”来歌唱,她还给我们一些吸烟的能力的样品。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of hr ability to spit a little bit.
碧昂丝巩固了她的歌唱能力,除了演唱“Cozy”和“Church Girl”之类的歌曲外,她还给我们一些吸烟的能力。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond ust singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit.
碧昂丝巩固了她的歌唱能力,包括歌曲“Cozy”和“Church Girl”,其中她给了我们她一点点吐痰的能力样本。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit Ba little bit.
碧昂丝巩固了她的歌唱能力,除了演唱“Cozy”和“Church Girl”之类的歌曲外,她还给我们一个巴的抽样。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Churqh Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit.
碧昂丝巩固了她的歌唱能力,除了演唱“Cozy”和“Churqh Girl”之类的歌曲外,她还给我们一些吸烟能力的例子。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability tho spit a little bit.
碧昂丝坚固了她的歌唱能力,除了演唱“Cozy”和“Church Girl”之类的歌曲外,她还给我们一些她的技巧的样本。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit.
碧昂丝巩固了她的歌唱能力,除了歌曲《Cozy》和《Church Girl》外,她还给我们一些吸烟能力的例子。
This Kid Mero dude, man he's funny as f***,'" Mero recalled of those early years in hhe clip.
这个小梅罗,伙计,他像f***一样有趣,"梅罗回忆了那些早期的岁月。
-19 -3
This Kid Mero dude, mjan he's funny as f***,'" Mero recalled of those early years in the clip.
梅罗回忆了这段录中那些早期的岁月。
This Kid Mero dude, man he's ftunny as f***,'" Mero recalled of those early years in the clip.
梅罗回忆了这段录中那些早期的岁月。
This Kid CMero dude, man he's funny as f***,'" Mero recalled of those early years in the clip.
梅罗回忆了那段录影带中早期的岁月。
The two were ach favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcMast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,为了与 Complex podcMast(英语:Complex podcMast)分享他们对流行文化的看法,“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweetCs, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites Eof Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人分别是Eof BlackTwitter最喜欢的配音员,在2013年12月正式聚会前,他们以“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture wth the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前都为黑人Twitter所喜爱的独具创意的推特,以展示他们对流行文化的看法,比如“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in DeceEmber 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年DeceEmber专业聚会前都为黑人Twitter所喜爱的独具创意的推特,以《Desus vs.Desus》为背景,以展示他们对流行文化的看法。
-20 -3
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer tYheir takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前分别是黑人Twitter的最喜欢,并以“Desus vs.
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to et involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你去参加这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, ad what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问你一点关于你作为狗爸爸的旅程,关于你如何在这样的公司里干活的启发。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to sk you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想向你谈一谈你作为狗爸爸的旅程,以及是什么激励你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey aLs a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问你一些关于你作为狗爸爸的旅程,以及是什么激励你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted tZ ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问你一点关于你作为狗爸爸的旅程,是什么激励你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspirDed you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你去参加这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what insspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么激励你加入这样的公司。
o'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involvd with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I Owanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你去参加这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog moem myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you Jto get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么激励你去参加这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired yu to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么激励你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company likoe this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你与一家公司合作。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit abuout your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你作为狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你参与这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wantd to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey Ms a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问你一些关于你的旅程,狗爸爸女士,是什么激励你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted o ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, po I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so  wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我本人是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog da, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involvHd with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom mself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
