In Merauke, an Indonesian town with a population of 130,000, the only store selling traditional Chinese medicine , or TCM, also takes online orders for a range of other Chinese medicinal products.
印度尼西亚人口130,000人的城市梅劳克(Merauke)也是唯一销售中国传统医药的商店。
In Merauke, an Indonesian town with a population of 130,000, the only store selling traditional Chinese medicine>, or TCM, also takes online orders for a range of other Chinese medicinal products.
印度尼西亚人口130,000人的城市梅劳克(Merauke)也是唯一销售中国传统医药的商店。
Ezzat Saad El Sayed director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, saying African countries welcome the GDI.
埃及外交部长萨德·萨德(Eszat Saad El Sayed)称,中国是非洲国家值得信赖和可持续的伙伴,表示非洲国家欢迎GDI。
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries@ saying African countries welcome the GDI.
埃及外交部长萨德·萨德(Eszat Saad El Sayed)称,中国是非洲国家值得信赖和可持续的伙伴。
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs,` called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, saying African countries welcome the GDI.
埃及外交部长萨达·萨耶德(Ezzat Saad El Sayed)称,中国是非洲国家值得信赖和可持续的伙伴,表示非洲国家欢迎GDI。
-2
Koichi Wada, head of the Japan Tourism Agency, said on Wednesday that the nation was "still in the early days". of a tourism recovery and he "expected the number to increase from July onward".
日本旅游局负责人和达浩一(Koichi Wada)周三表示,该国“仍然处于起步阶段”。
Around 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum's opening ceremony, which was held online and offline in several cities, including Beijing," Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing.
来自100多个国家的约2000名青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼。
Around 2*,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum's opening ceremony, which was held online and offline in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing.
约有2000名来自100多个国家的青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼,该典礼在北京、上海、广州和南京等多个城市举行。
Around 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum!s opening ceremony, which was held online and offline in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing.
约2000名来自100多个国家的青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼。
Around 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum's opening ceremony, which was held online and offline in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing!
来自100多个国家的约2000名青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan," an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早晨,杨建华都会早起,巡逻香山的茶树种植园。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou; Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早晨,杨建华都会早起,在苏州的泰湖水域环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
Almost every morning] Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
[几乎每天早上]杨建华早起,在江苏省苏州的泰湖水域环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou,; Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早晨,杨建华都会早起,在苏州泰湖闪耀的水域环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan,| an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早晨,杨建华都会早起,巡逻香山的茶树种植园。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou,? Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早晨,杨建华起床,在苏州泰湖的耀眼水域环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province%
几乎每天早晨,杨建华起床,在江苏省苏州的泰湖水域环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
The GDI, calling for genuine cooperation and common action, comes at an appropriate time, said Ebrima Sall executive director of TrustAfrica.
埃布里马·索尔(EbrimaSall)表示,GDI呼吁真正的合作和共同行动,是时候的。
In the four years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan~ with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes to increase by some 1,000 yuan.
自此四年以来,该村收入超过1,500万元,年收入增加约1000万元。
In the four years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1`5 million yuan, causing annual incomes to increase by some 1,000 yuan.
自此四年以来,该村收入超过1,500万元,每年收入增加约1000万元。
In the four years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes to increase by some 1,000 yuan.
自此四年以来,该村收入超过1,500万元,每年收入增加约1000万元。
In the four years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan), with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes to increase by some 1,000 yuan.
自此四年以来,该村的收入超过1,500万元,每年收入增加约1000万元。
-6 -1
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到其降低碳排放的相对低成本。
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions .
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到降低碳排放的成本相对较低。
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation? an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到降低碳排放的成本相对较低。
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation*, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展*,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到降低碳排放的成本相对较低。
-10 -2
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731%, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类实验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731 a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类试验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731~ a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类实验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731_ a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类实验和细菌战争。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March/ and with the RCEP opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness.
哈菲齐表示,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的计划,该协议在3月份被马来西亚批准。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March, and with the RCEP opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness
哈菲齐说,马来西亚政府应该引入可以提高出口竞争力的方案,因为该方案将开放更多出口市场
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March and with the RCEP opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness.
哈菲齐表示,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的方案,该方案在3月份批准了该协议。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March, and with the RCEP opening up more markets for exports,* Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness.
哈菲齐表示,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的方案。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March, and with the RCEP opening up more markets for exports,' Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness.
哈菲齐说,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的方案。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March, and with the RCEP opening up more markets for exports|, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness.
哈菲齐说,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的计划,这将是马来西亚在3月份批准的协议。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March, and with the RCEP opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness_
哈菲齐说,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的方案,因为该方案将开放更多出口市场。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March@ and with the RCEP opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness.
哈菲齐说,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的计划,这让马来西亚在3月份批准了该协议。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time{
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒的猛增,但政府不太可能再次引入限制措施。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time.:
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒猛增,但政府不太可能再次引入限制措施。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time..
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒的猛增,但政府这次不太可能重新引入限制措施。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time .
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒猛增,但政府不太可能再次引入限制措施。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒的猛增,但政府这次不太可能重新引入限制措施
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight , but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time.
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒猛增,但政府不太可能再次引入限制措施。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight| but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time.
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒的猛增,但政府这次不太可能重新引入限制措施。
"The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices%; these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said.
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)说:“油价和食品价格上涨推动了这一增长。
The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said.
由于燃料和食品价格的上涨,这一增长只是因为二手车价格的下降而略有抵消。
"The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices{ these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said.
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)说:“油价和食品价格上涨推动了这一增长。
Fu also pointed out CCUS－carbon capture,( utilization and storage－as another major solution to reduce emissions, as improving energy efficiency has its limits.
他说,利用和储存碳作为减少排放的另一个主要解决方案,因为提高能源效益有其局限性。
Fu also pointed out CCUS－carbon capture, utilization and storage－as another major solution to reduce emissions,! as improving energy efficiency has its limits.
他说,碳捕获、利用和储存是减少排放的另一个主要解决方案,因为提高能源效益有其局限性。
Fu also pointed out CCUS－carbon capture, utilization and storage－as another major solution to reduce emissions, as improving energy efficiency has its limits
他说,碳捕获、利用和储存是减少排放的另一个主要解决方案,因为提高能源效率是有限的
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported
伦敦消防队表示,在首都发生的火灾中出现了“巨大的涌动”,一些居民由于强烈的热气而疏散了他们的家园
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported^.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,首都发生了“大规模的火灾”,一些居民因强烈的热气而疏散了家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,“首都发生了大规模的火灾,一些居民因强烈的热气而离家疏散。
The majestic karst cave is 257.4 kilometers in length ranks fifth in the world and first in Asia and also earns its name as Asia's longest cave.
其长度为257.4公里,世界排名第五,亚洲排名第一,也是亚洲最长的洞穴。
The majestic karst cave is 257.+4 kilometers in length, ranks fifth in the world and first in Asia and also earns its name as Asia's longest cave.
其长度为257.+4公里,在世界排名第五,在亚洲排名第一,也是亚洲最长的洞穴。
The majestic karst cave is 257.4 kilometers in length* ranks fifth in the world and first in Asia and also earns its name as Asia's longest cave.
其长度为257.4公里*,世界排名第五,亚洲排名第一,也是亚洲最长的洞穴。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals , including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022.
根据网民上传的图片,从2018年到2022年期间,在寺庙内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022^
据网友上传的图片显示,从2018年至2022年期间,在寺内纪念了战犯,包括塔尼久雄、岩根松井、野田武士、田中俊吉等。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani) Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022.
根据网民上传的图片,2018年至2022年期间在寺内纪念战犯松井岩根、野田武士、田中俊吉等佛教徒的佛像。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane] Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022.
根据网民上传的图片,从2018年到2022年期间,在寺庙内纪念了战争罪犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi(, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022.
根据网民上传的图片,2018年至2022年期间在寺内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士、田中俊吉()。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA. 5.
周四,全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家表示,这部分可能归咎于微量子子亚变量BA的扩散。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA"5.
周四,全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家表示,这部分可能归咎于微量子亚变量BA"5的扩散。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,*229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5.
周四,全国人口普查也上升至186,*229,专家称这部分可能归咎于微量子子子变量BA5的扩散。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA`5.
周四,全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家称这一数字部分归因于微量子亚变量BA`5的扩散。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA=5.
周四,全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家称这一数字部分归因于微量子亚变量BA=5的扩散。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5$
周四,该国全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家称这部分可能归咎于微量子亚变量BA.5$的扩散
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5
周四,全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家称这一数字部分归因于微量子亚变量BA.5的扩散
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5.$
周四,该国全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家称这部分可能归咎于微量子亚变量BA.5.$的扩散。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5 .
周四,全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家称这一数字部分归因于微量子亚变量BA.5的扩散。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday,* with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5.
该国全国人口普查也于周四上升至186,229人,专家表示,这部分可能归咎于微量子子子变量BA5的扩散。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5.#
周四,该国全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家称这部分可能归因于微量子子子变量BA.5.#的扩散。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA5.
周四,全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家称这一数字部分归因于微量子亚变量BA5的扩散。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5%
周四,全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家称这一数字部分归因于微量子亚变量BA.5%的扩散
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5/
周四,全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家称这一数字部分归因于微量子亚变量BA.5/的扩散
}The only way, if we still want to stay together, is to rebuild a new pact with courage, unselfishness and credibility," Draghi told the senators.
如果我们仍然想在一起,唯一的办法就是用勇气、不自私和可信度重建新的协议。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative} especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极反应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.\
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries?.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China) said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·弗拉克(马丁·弗拉克(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克)(马丁·弗拉克)(马
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡特拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative. especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China!, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁?卡瓦尔(Martin hÉireann)表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative,> especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁?卡瓦拉(Martin hÉireann)表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative- especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative> especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁?卡瓦拉(Martin hÉireann)表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries!.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦尔表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana", ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
卡梅隆驻华大使马丁·卡梅隆表示,GDI是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative!, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦尔表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana| ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
卡梅隆驻华大使马丁·卡梅隆表示,GDI是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China& said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡特拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球性挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China" said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡特拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent in May, was the highest recorded since February 1982{ with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs bearing most of the blame.
六月份的年率从5月份的9.1%上升至9.4%,是自1982年2月以来最高纪录。
Authorities said Guangdong has a long coastline and has been one of the main battlefields in the country's fight against illegal border crossings and smuggling
当局表示,广东省海岸线很长,是打击非法过境和走私的主要战场之一
Temperatures in parts of Zhejiang,. Fujian, Jiangxi and Xinjiang may surpass 40 degrees Celsius, the center said.
中心称,浙江省部分地区的气温可能超过40度。
"This means more pain is on the way for household budgets as the high rate of inflation continues to outpace wage growth, bringing down the real value of incomes across the UK, " she said.
她说:“随着通货膨胀率继续超过工资增长,整个英国收入的实际价值也随之下降,这意味着家庭预算正在遭受更多的痛苦。
-11 -3
