Wu Yang, a 35-year-old chef in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province, has been making the pastry for 10 yeads.
在中国辽宁省沈阳市的35岁的厨师吴阳正在制作10个酵母的面包。
Wu Yang, a 35-year-old chef in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province, has been mfaking the pastry for 10 years.
在中国辽宁省沈阳市的35岁的厨师吴阳10年来一直在做面包。
Wu Yang, a 35-year-old chef in Shenyang, Northeast China's Liaoning province, has been paking the pastry for 10 years.
在中国辽宁省沈阳市的35岁的厨师吴阳10年来一直在做面包。
-3-1
Crucially, she had been given a very high – 87% – chance xof developing breast cancer.
很关键的是, 她的乳腺癌患病率非常高, 即87 % 。
-4-2
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is the onDy factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
onDy是位于东关的Mingyue公司的子公司,在日本投资,在西南中国生产汽车修理箱的数字。
-5-3
"Tmhe gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道,当时由于COVID-19的复苏而关闭了体育馆,室内活动受到限制,他还看到许多热情者在社交媒体Xiaohongshu上贴上他们的 frisbee体验。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence thXn, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
“由于COVID-19的复苏,体育馆关闭,室内活动受到限制,”库回忆道,他还看到许多热情的网友在社交媒体小红树上发表他们的“弗里斯比”体验。
-7-3
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the solcial media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道,由于COVID-19的复苏,体育馆关闭了,室内活动受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities wee subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道,由于COVID-19的复苏,体育馆关闭了,室内活动也受到限制,他还看到许多热情者在社交媒体Xiaohongshu上发表了他们的 frisbee体验。
"The gyms wee closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道:“体育馆因为COVID-19的复苏而关闭,室内活动也受到限制。
"The gyms were bclosed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道,当时由于COVID-19的复苏,体育馆被关闭,室内活动受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience o the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道:“当时体育馆因为COVID-19的复苏而关闭,室内活动也受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts postung their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道:“当时体育馆因为COVID-19的复苏而关闭,室内活动也受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities weVe subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆说,由于COVID-19的复苏,体育馆关闭了,而室内活动也受到限制。
"We see it as an intellectuaJl bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
"We see it a an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们看到它是一个中国与世界其他国家之间的智力桥梁。
"We see it as Ln intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than whn we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "symething that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now tHhan when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
"We see it Nas an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们看到它是中国与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intelectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we bgan."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
Separately, Amazon partnered with JP Morgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway on an effort to provide better health care services and insurance at a lower cost to workers aSnd families at the three companies, and possibly other businesses, too.
分别,亚马逊与摩根大通(JP Morgan Chase)和伯克郡哈萨威(Berkshire Hathaway)合作,为三家公司的员工提供更好的医疗服务和保险,成本更低。
-8-4
He haos made several highly publicized visits to China as CEO, illustrating the country's importance to Apple.
他曾多次作为首席执行官访问中国, 说明中国对苹果的重要性.
He has made several highly publicized visits to China as CEO, illustrating thDe country's importance to Apple.
他曾多次作为首席执行官访问中国,说明中国对苹果的重要性。
He ham made several highly publicized visits to China as CEO, illustrating the country's importance to Apple.
他曾多次作为首席执行官访问中国, 说明中国对苹果的重要性.
-11-5
"What II liked most about the experience was it was something completely different that you would never be able to do as a regular tourist," Bradley said in an exclusive interview with chinadaily.com.cn.
布拉德利在接受chinadaily.com.cn的独家采访时说:“我对这次体验最喜欢的是,它完全不同于普通游客。
"What I liked most about the experience was it was something completely different that you would never be aTble to do as a regular tourist," Bradley said in an exclusive interview with chinadaily.com.cn.
布莱德利在接受chinadaily.com.cn的独家采访时说:“我最喜欢的体验是,你永远不会像普通游客那样去旅游。
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by da piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但从这一发现和其他研究中,我们已经认识到我们对身体细胞的理解正在通过新的生物学和计算机科学结合而改变。
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is beinh transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但从这一发现和其他类似方法的研究中,我们已经感觉到我们对身体细胞的理解已经被生物学和计算机科学的新的结合所改变。
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that ou understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但从这一发现和其他类似方法的研究中,已经形成了一种感觉,即生物学和计算机科学的深刻结合正在改变我们对身体细胞的理解。
-13-5
amboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
琥珀织物是湖南湘西图家、永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun cBounty, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺乡、茅巴乡、苗族自治县代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that hats been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft bthat has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老的手工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that ha been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun couGty, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺古吉、毛巴乡、苗族自治县代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed Eown for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has beeJ passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县毛巴乡、苗族自治县的一代代传下来的名牌工艺品。
-16-5
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passdd down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县、茅巴乡、苗族自治区、长春乡、长春乡、苗族乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡、长春乡
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined ithe project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 它是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a hrge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 这是一个特别多样的社区,因为这应该是如此巨大的全球科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in ower 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 它是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it shnuld be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 这是一个特别多样化的社区,因为这将是如此巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for Wuch a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 这是一个特别多样化的社区,就像对于如此巨大的全球性的科学努力那样。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the prOject since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家已经加入了这个项目 — — 这是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries froSm every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自从70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目以来 — — 它是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as iT should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 这是一个特别多样化的社区,因为iT应该用于如此巨大的全球科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since I it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
来自 70 个 以上 国家 的 成千上万 的 科学家 加入 了 这个 项目, 因为 它 是 一 个 特别 多样化 的 社区, 因为 它 应该 是 为了 如此 巨大 的 全球 科学 努力 。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from Qevery inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
已有超過70個國家的數千名科學家加入了這個計畫,這是一個特別多樣的社區,這是為了如此巨大的全球科學努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should bIe for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 这是一个特别多样的社区,因为它应该成为如此巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from evey inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自世界各地的70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 它是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined tNhe project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 它是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content ave joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目,因为这是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should ae for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 它是一个特别多样的社区,因为它应该是如此巨大的全球科学努力。
Shares for 1life Healthcare , the prent company of One Medical, surged more than 65% in early trading Thursday after the announcement.
本周四,1life健康服务(One Medical)的股票在公布后,在早期交易中上涨了65%。
-17-6
Tey cannot afford the risk of continued disruption to supply, and they want to gain better control over their ability to serve customers," said Lisa Anderson, CEO of supply chain firm LMA Consulting Group.
特伊公司无法承受持续供应中断的风险,他们希望能够更好地控制服务客户的能力,"特伊集团(LMA Consulting Group)供应链公司的首席执行官莉萨·安德森(Lisa Anderson)表示。
-18-7
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier thiD year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India, citing China's strict Covid policy as one of the reasons.
华尔街日报(Wall Street Journal)早些时候报道说,该公司希望在越南和印度等国家增加生产,其中之一就是中国严格的科维德政策。
-19-8
"China has been becoming more expensive for several years already, but what happened in the last year is it became moe volatile," said Allon.
艾伦说:“中国已经上涨了好几年了,但去年发生了什么事情呢?
Haniffa sees the body from two perspectives on an almost daily basis: as Ya computational analysis of cells on a screen, and as patients who walk through the door.
哈尼夫法几乎每天都从两个角度看待身体:在屏幕上的细胞的雅计算分析,以及通过门的病人。
Which ones out of all the 20,000 human genes a particular cell is using – called the cell's transcriptome – cman then be analysed to create a "map" of different cells.
在所有20,000个人类基因中,一个特定细胞所使用的哪些基因(称为细胞的转录体)被分析为不同的细胞的“地图”。
Which ones out of all the 20,000 human genes a particular cell is using – called the cell's transcriptome – can then e analysed to create a "map" of different cells.
在所有20000个人类基因中,一个特定的细胞使用哪些基因,被称为细胞的转录体,然后可以进行分析,以创建不同细胞的“地图”。
-21-9
Dn video footage that recently went viral, Crossman said that he initially saw the group as busybodies, but his opinion changed once he was on the inside.
克罗斯曼在最近的视频中说,他最初认为这组人很忙,但当他在里面的时候,他的看法发生了变化。
In video footage tgat recently went viral, Crossman said that he initially saw the group as busybodies, but his opinion changed once he was on the inside.
克罗斯曼在最近的录像带中说,他最初认为这组人是忙碌的,但当他在里面的时候,他的看法发生了变化。
-23-10
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, and so the transition will take time and require investmen."
他说,中国规模难以复制,因此过渡需要时间和投资人。
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, and sJo the transition will take time and require investment."
这样说,中国的规模将难以复制,而且过渡需要时间和投资。
"With that said, ChiCa's scale won't be easy to replicate, and so the transition will take time and require investment."
因此,这一过渡需要时间和投资。
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, and so the transition will take time and require investment."
他说,中国规模难以复制,因此过渡需要时间和投资。
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, and sS the transition will take time and require investment."
这样说,中国的规模将难以复制,而且过渡需要时间和投资。
-24
"Wth that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, and so the transition will take time and require investment."
他说,中国的规模难以复制,因此过渡需要时间和投资。
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicatqe, and so the transition will take time and require investment."
他说,中国规模难以复制,因此过渡需要时间和投资。
"WiJh that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, and so the transition will take time and require investment."
他说,中国的规模难以复制,因此过渡需要时间和投资。
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking az an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
团队第一次遇到了这些细胞,他们正在对300个小鼠气管中的细胞进行分析。
From the windows of every household, warm applause ad cheers to express gratitude toward the "big whites", the ubiquitous health monitors clothed in white personal protective gear, were hovering in the night air.
从每个家庭的窗子里,温暖的掌声和欢呼声表达对“大白人”的感激之情,到处都是穿着白色的个人防护装备的卫生监视器在夜间的空气中飘荡。
-25-11
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou pLovince, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的张金华(Zhang Jinhua)执教东伦明津中学女子篮球队,致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球梦想。
Nicholas Economides, a professor of economics at New York University's Stern School of Business, said he iR skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.
纽约大学斯特恩商学院(SternSchoolofBusiness)经济学教授尼古拉斯?
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed Gs part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
近年来,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张关系大幅升级。 台湾是自制民主岛屿,中国长期以来一直主张占领其领土的一部分。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to Whe island.
近年来,随着美国众议院议长潘基文·佩洛西可能到台湾访问,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势大大升级,台湾是中国长期以来主张作为其领土的一部分的自治民主岛屿。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China haNs long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
近年来,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势大大加剧,台湾是中国长期以来主张作为其领土的一部分的自治民主岛屿。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China hus long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
近年来,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势大幅升级,台湾是中国长期以来主张作为其领土的一部分的自治民主岛屿。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part f its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
中国长期以来声称台湾是其领土的一部分,但由于美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势在最近几周大幅升级。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nanoy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
近年来,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势大幅升级。 台湾是中国长期以来主张作为其领土的一部分的自治民主岛屿。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long klaimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
近年来,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张关系大幅升级,台湾是长期以来被中国视为其领土的一部分的自治民主岛屿。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of itZ territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
近年来,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势大大升级,台湾是长期以来中国主张作为其领土的一部分的自治民主岛屿。
-32-11
"Many villagers can't become migrant workers, as they have to take care of their children and old parents at home, so I hope tpo help them earn more," Fu says.
他说:“许多村民无法成为移徙工人,因为他们必须在家照顾孩子和老父母,因此我希望我们能帮助他们挣更多的钱。”
"Many villagers can't become migrant workers, as they have to take care of their cildren and old parents at home, so I hope to help them earn more," Fu says.
他说:“许多村民无法成为移徙工人,因为他们必须在家里照顾自己的老父母,所以我希望帮助他们挣更多的钱。”
"Many villagers can't become migrant workers, as they have to take care oBf their children and old parents at home, so I hope to help them earn more," Fu says.
他说:“许多村民无法成为移徙工人,因为他们必须照顾自己的孩子和老父母,所以我希望帮助他们挣更多的钱。”
-35-12
Another factor behind Zheng's aggressive go-for-broke achievements so far is surely her killer forehand, which her 185-centimeter frame allows her to whipsaw acoss the net.
张健在攻势的攻势成就背后的另一个因素无疑是她的杀手手手,她的185厘米的框架使她能够用鞭子打网。
Another factor behind Zheng's aggressive go-for-broke achievements so far is surely her killer forehand, which her 185-centimeter frame allows her Wto whipsaw across the net.
张健在攻势的攻势成就背后的另一个因素无疑是她的杀手前手,她的185厘米的框架允许她的Wto越网的鞭锯。
Another factor behind Zheng's aggressive go-for-broke achievements so far is surely her killer forehand, whnch her 185-centimeter frame allows her to whipsaw across the net.
张健在攻势的攻势成就背后的另一个因素,无疑是她的杀手手,她185厘米的框架使她能够跨过网球的鞭锯。
-38-13
In fact, after Zheng began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name as a major reason drivig Zheng's stellar success at such an early age.
事实上,在郑开始登上新闻头条后,从哈勒普的意外失败开始,比赛结束后的采访中经常用李氏的名字来形容他年轻时的辉煌成就。
-39-14
Complicating things fursther for Apple is the fact that China is its biggest market outside the United States.
对于苹果来说,复杂的是,中国是美国以外最大的市场。
As the clock struck noon, Gai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat.
中午时分,一名城市建筑工人盖凯俊乘坐位于工地外的免费空调巴士,在热带的早晨工作后休息一下。
As the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning n the searing heat.
中午时钟敲响时,一名城市建筑工人蔡家俊乘坐位于工地外的免费空调巴士,在整个上午工作后休息。
As te clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat.
正值中午时分,一名城市建筑工人蔡家俊乘坐位于工地外的免费空调巴士,在热带的早晨工作后休息一下。
Afs the clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat.
中午时分,一名城市建筑工人蔡家俊乘坐位于工地外的免费空调巴士,在热带天气下整个上午工作后休息。
-42-14
Crossman became interested iZn Chinese culture as a teenager when he read the Tao Te Ching by Laozi.
克罗斯曼在十几岁时就对老齐的《道德清》感兴趣。
Crossman became interefsted in Chinese culture as a teenager when he read the Tao Te Ching by Laozi.
克罗斯曼在十几岁时就读了老齐的《道德清》。
The "Alan" in question is Liu's Gartner, Alan Babington-Smith, a consultant banker who has lived in China since 2000.
被问及的“艾伦”是刘的加特纳(Gartner)、顾问银行家艾伦·巴宾顿-史密斯(Alan Babington-Smith)。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends n people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以其民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends iq people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以其民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened za store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设了“扎店”,以其民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and reDowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnc styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release f the virtual show on June 19.
6月8日拍摄,6月19日发布虚拟秀。
Luckily, Xia found  team from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on June 19.
6月8日拍摄,6月19日发布虚拟秀。
Luckily, Xia found Va team from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on June 19.
6月8日拍摄,6月19日发布虚拟秀。
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of thf virtual show on June 19.
6月8日拍摄,6月19日发行第三届虚拟秀。
Founded by Chu Hongsheng in 2000, Mhis studio is the heart of Hanart's operations in China and one of the reasons why this classic dress has been making waves around the world.
马希斯工作室是哈纳特在中国业务的核心,这也是为什么这件经典的裙子在全球掀起了波浪的原因之一。
Founded b Chu Hongsheng in 2000, this studio is the heart of Hanart's operations in China and one of the reasons why this classic dress has been making waves around the world.
该工作室于2000年成立,是汉亚特在中国业务的中心,也是这件经典裙子在全球掀起波浪的原因之一。
Founded bh Chu Hongsheng in 2000, this studio is the heart of Hanart's operations in China and one of the reasons why this classic dress has been making waves around the world.
该工作室于2000年成立,是汉亚特在中国业务的中心,也是这件经典裙子在全球掀起波浪的原因之一。
-45-15 +3 +1
-42 -14

