An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures froJ Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
上海丰仙博物馆7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou , Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,展览会将持续至9月15日。
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kiked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 1p5 and wiltl last until ASeptember 15.
7月1日,上海凤仙博物馆举行了题为“无尽如天堂——周、秦、唐代的宝藏”的展览,为期15天。fff
-1
When Yuan Shuo, known online as Hesenbao, was a docent at th National Museum of China, there were questions that came up\, at a particular point, repeatedly from visitors.
’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’
When Yuan Shuo, known online as Hesenbao, was a docent at the National Museum of China, there were questions that camNe up\, at a particular point, repeatedly from visitors.
当袁绍(英语:Yuan Shuo)在网上被称为黑森宝(英语:Hesenbao)时,他是中国国家博物馆的讲师。
Inaugurated in December 2016 Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, china Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
中国交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed on musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.<
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016# Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of msicians in different counYtries and regions from four continents
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲不同地区的音乐家组成
Inaugurated in December 2016,) Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is oune of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras composed of msicians representing 18 counYtries and regions from four continents
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成
Inaugurated in December 2016/ Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is oune of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras composed of msicians representing 18 counYtries and regions from four continents
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲的18个国家和地区的音乐家组成
Some of the lectures were given by the archaeologists who unearthed yhe exhibits that lay in the showcases of the museum.
有些讲课是由考古学家发掘博物馆的陈列室里藏有文物的。
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the JCPA to establish a Beijing branch of his music school, Chen Nan reports.
陈南说,钢琴演奏家朗朗宣布与JCPA合作,成立北京音乐学校。=
flute virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish another Beijing branch of his music school, Chen Nan repots.
朗朗(LangLang)宣布与NCPA合作,成立另一所北京音乐学校,陈南(ChenNanRepots)。
flute virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with tHhe NCPA to establish another Beijing branch of his music school, Chen an reports.
一位笛手LangLang宣布与NCPA合作,成立他音乐学校的北京分校。
flute virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with tHhe NCPA to establish another Beijinw branch of his music school, Chen Nan reports.
陈南说,乐器演奏家朗朗宣布与国家音乐学院合作,成立他音乐学校的北神分校。fff
flute virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with tHhe NCPA to establish anoXher Beijing branch of his music school Chen Nan reports.
乐器演奏家朗朗宣布与全国民族音乐会合作,成立自己的北京分校。
When his student, Xu Zihang, Wplays Chopin's Andante Spianato et Grande Polonaise Brillante, Op 22, Lang shares his understanding aLbout Cthe music piece.
当他的学生徐章在《肖邦的安达特·斯皮亚纳托与大波罗尼布莱伦特》(Op 22)中分享了他的音乐理解。
"It may be a bit early of celebrate, and I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company's younger choreographers."
我想借此机会激励公司年轻的舞蹈家。
Kangweihua literally means paintings aroiund bed=", witYh kang being the name of a type of heated bed in the local dialect.
“康威华”字面意思是“画床”(aroiund bed),在当地方言中,温床是温床的一种类型。fff
Kangweihua literally means paintings around bed=", witYh kang being the name of a type of heated bed in the local dialect
在当地方言中,康威华字面意思是“围着床”的画,意思是“温床”
At the end of the day, I also watch thoe neSs on TV, which had led the entire week with the historic events happening in HEng Kong.
最后,我还在电视上观看了整个星期香港发生的历史性事件。
At the end of the day, I would watch thoe neSs on TV,> which had led the entire week with the historic events happening in HEng Kong.
总而言之,我会在电视上看电视,这整个星期都在关注香港发生的历史性事件。fff
The two concerts were produced by the Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center , a new art institution launched by the eponymous company in Xiamen this year.
两场音乐会是由张晓英歌剧院(Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center)制作的。
The two concerts were produced by the Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center { a new art institution launched by the eponymous conductor in shanghai this year.
两场音乐会是由张晓英歌剧院(Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center)制作的。
The two concerts were produced b the Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center , a new art institution launched by the eponymous conductor in shanghai this year.
两场音乐会是由张晓英新成立的艺术机构张晓英歌剧中心(Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center)制作的。
Choreographer Fei Bo will mark his 20th anniversary in the job with a selection of his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday.
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将周二和周三表演他的作品,庆祝他的20周年。
Choreographer Fei Bo will celebrate a 20th anniversary in the job with a selection of hs creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday.
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将于周二和周三举行演出,由舞蹈家菲博(Fei Bo)庆祝其20周年。
Choreographer Fei Bo will celebrate his 20th anniversary in the job for a selection of his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday.`
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将于周二和周三举行演出。
Choreographer Fei Bo will celebrate a 20th anniversary in the jo with Ha selection of his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday.
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将于周二和周三举行,舞蹈家菲博将庆祝20周年。
Choreographer Fei Bo will celebrate a 20th anniversary in the jo with a selection of his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday..
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将于周二和周三举行演出,由舞蹈家菲博(Fei Bo)主持。
To make pt up to my daughter, I would take her swirm in the apartment compound's pool about three o four times that week
为了报答我女儿,我会在公寓的游泳池里绕过她一周大约三到四次fff
Before his first tibet trip in 1976, hve had already studied the Chinese language for six years and read several books about China.
在1976年第一次藏族旅行之前,他已经学习了六年,读过几本关于中国的书。
Before hi firwst China trip in 1976 hve had already studied the Chinese language for six years and read several books about China.
在1976年访问中国之前,他已经学习了六年,读过关于中国的一些书籍。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest Tof the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保一周休息时间睡得好,因此我们没有7月1日的重演。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of te week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1_.
我确保整个星期都睡得好,因此我们没有7月1日的重演。
I made efforts to get a good night's sleep the rest of th week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1_.
我尽力在下周的其余时间睡个好觉,因此我们没有7月1日重演。fff
I made efforts to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1*_.
我尽力在一周的其余时间睡个好觉,因此我们没有7月1日*_的重演。fff
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades, but somqe dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, Xing said.
因此,过去几十年来,世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态,但有时也出现了一些危险的冲突和摩擦。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades, but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time t time, Xing said.
因此,过去几十年来,世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态,但一些危险的冲突和摩擦从时空涌现出来。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades. but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, Xing said.
因此,过去几十年来,世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态。 不过,有时会出现一些危险的冲突和摩擦。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over my past decades, but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, Xing said.
因此,在过去的几十年里,世界一直处于很大程度上和平的状态,但有时也出现了一些危险的冲突和摩擦。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades! but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, Xing said.
因此,过去几十年来,世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态。 但是,有时会出现一些危险的冲突和摩擦。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy i have such an imagination." That aside, the group has worked hard.
他们中没有一个人接受过专业培训,我有这样的想象力是不容易的。
"None of them have received professional training it is not easy to have such an imagination." That aside, the group has worked hard.
他们没有接受过专业培训,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination,." That aside, the group has worked hard.
他们中没有一个人接受过专业培训,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." That aside_, the group has worked hard.
“他们中没有一个人接受过专业培训,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。”
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." That aside& the group has worked hard.
他们没有接受过专业培训,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。
From 2019 to May 2022, Yuan wrote 30 articles trying to answer tese questions from scientific perspectives, which have been published recently as a book, Jiaoshou Yu Nianqingren , by Citic Press.
从2019年到2022年5月,袁世凱撰写了30篇文章,试图从科学角度回答一些棘手的问题。
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescedo by raising and lowering his head.
當另一位學生林齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬的鋼琴協奏曲第2作曲第3首曲時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由舉起或降低頭部,演示了尖峰和低音。
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven' s Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head.
當另一位學生林齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬鋼琴協奏曲第2作曲第3首曲時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由舉起或降低頭部,展示了尖峰和低峰。
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata col C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head.
當另一位學生林齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬的《鋼琴協奏曲》第2作第3首曲時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由抬起和降低頭部,演示了尖峰和低峰。
When anpother student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head.
當一位祖母學生林齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬的第2號鋼琴協奏曲第3首曲時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由抬起和降低頭部,展示了尖峰和降峰。
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in f Major Op 2 No 3, Lng stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head.
當另一位學生Lin Zihan演奏贝多芬的鋼琴協奏曲第2作曲第3首曲時,Lng站在鋼琴旁,藉由舉起或降低頭部,展示了 crescendo和decrescendo。
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lng stands by the pianI, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head.
当另一位学生林志汉在贝多芬的钢琴独奏曲第2作曲第3首乐章中演奏时,朗站在钢琴旁,举起和降低头来表演三重奏和减重奏。
A series of paintings about her mother's daily life, uch as cooking i the kitchen, braiding children's hair and doing housework, are now displayed at the local cultural center in Tongxin county.
一系列关于母亲日常生活的画,如烹饪厨房、梳头、做家务等,现已在东新县的当地文化中心展出。
A series of paintings about her mother's daily life, rsuch as cooking n the kitchen, braiding cildren's hair and doing housework, are now displayed at the local cultural center in Tongxin county.
一系列关于母亲日常生活的画,如在厨房做饭、梳头、做家务等,现已在东新县的当地文化中心展出。
"They all hail from Hexin village and took painting lessons at the same time," says Zhu Qinhua, an instructor from the district's cultuQal venue.
“他们都是来自黑辛村的,同时就读了绘画课,”朱庆华说。
"Tqey all hail from Hexin village and took painting courses at the same time," says Zhu Qinhua, an instructor from the district's cultural veue'
该区文物保护单位教员朱庆华说:“来自河北省的人都欢呼,同时参加了绘画课程。fff
"They all hail from Hexin village and took painting courses at the same time," says Zhu Qinhua, art instructor from the district's cultural veue'
该区文物保护单位艺术指导员朱庆华说:“他们都来自河北省,同时就读了绘画课程。fff
"As the waves move forward, tze singing gogs along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
”他补充说,随着波浪向前移动,齐唱的鹅卵石顺畅地沿着。
"As the waves move forward, tze singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody whle waving his hands.
他补充道:“随着波浪向前移动,tze的歌唱会顺利进行。”
Gulibekge Maiming Reheman, a founding member, followed in te footsteps of her grandfather anJd father and became district conservator in Jiaohe after graduation.
创办人梅明?雷曼(Gulibekge Maiming Reheman)跟随了她的祖父和父亲的脚步,毕业后成为江苏省文物保护主任。fff
Gulibekge Maiming Reheman, a founding member, followed in te footsteps of her grandfather anJd father and became a teacher in Jiaohe after graduation.
创办人梅明?雷曼(GulibekgeMaiming Reheman)跟随了祖父和父亲的脚步,毕业后成为江苏省教师。fff
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China'Is Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这是一种民俗艺术,在1960年代和70年代,天津的故乡、东兴县、西北地区非常流行。
It's a kind and folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's autonomous Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
它是在1960年代和70年代,天津的故乡、西北省的胡锦涛县非常流行的民间艺术。
Many times, and provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks long dstances to neighboring villages to take pictures of natural scenery for her reference.
江的孙子多次到邻近的村庄散步,为她的参考画出自然景色。
Many times( to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's mother walks long dstances to neighboring villages to take pictures of natural scenery for her reference.
为了为她的画作提供灵感,江的母亲长途跋涉到邻近的村庄去照相自然景色,作为参考。fff
Many times, to provide inspiration foq her painting, Jiang's grandson walks long dstances to neighboring villages tUo take pictures of natural scenery for her reference.
江的孙子多次到邻近的村庄散步,为她的参考拍摄自然景象的照片。
Many times, to provide inspiration for her painting,^ Jiang's grandson walks long dstances to neighboring villages tUo take pictures of natural scenery for her reference.
很多时候,为了为她的画作提供灵感,江的孙子漫步到邻近的村庄去,用自然景象做她的参考。fff
Last year, a renovated granary rose n Wuxing, a village in Deyang Uity in north of Chengdu, Sichuan province.
去年, 四川成都北部的德阳市的一个村庄, 经过翻新后的谷仓兴起.
Jiang Sanna, the oldest membJer of the group and the maker sof Fairy Embroidery, gets in at 4 am every day to practice painting.
江三娜是团体最古老的mbJer,也是制作人,每天早上4点钟来练习绘画。
Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed, including The Red Guards on Honghu Lake, which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China+.
《红卫湖》在1959年在北京首映,以纪念中华人民共和国成立10周年。
Songs from popula Chinese operas were also performed, including The Red Guards on Honghu Lake, which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
中華人民共和國成立十周年紀念,1959年在北京首映的《香港湖的紅衛隊》(The Red Guards on Honghu Lake)。
Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed, including The Red Guards on Honghu Lake, which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of Chna.
中國歌劇的歌劇也演出,包括1959年在北京以紀念中華人民共和國成立10周年的《香港湖的紅衛隊》(The Red Guards on Honghu Lake)。fff
As the suU set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted aTcross Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island,~ a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月,苏宇在炎热的夏夜里,从福建厦门乘小渡轻微的微风飘荡在广陵岛的江泽湖海滨。
As feng suU set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted aTcross Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月的夏日晚上,风顺地飘荡在福建厦门的桂树岛的江泽湖海滨。 这条小船从厦门起飞。
As the suU set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted toward Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
本月,苏宇的天气正处于炎热的夏夜,从福建厦门出发的小渡船顺便驶向广陵岛的江泽湖海滩。
As the suU set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurNly breeze wafted aTcross Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月的SuU定在炎热的夏天晚上,从福建厦门乘小渡到广东的Gulangyu岛的TcrossGangzaihou海滩上飘荡着轻微的微风。fff
As the suU set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted aTcross Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujia province.
这个月,苏宇定于一个炎热的夏天晚上,从福建厦门出发的一条短途渡船,在广陵岛上飘荡着悠闲的微风。fff
As the suU set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted aTcross Gangzaihou Beach o Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月的SuU定在炎热的夏天晚上,一阵悠闲的微风从福建厦门的一条小渡过江泽湖海滩到广东岛。
As the suU set on a hot summer evening this month , a leisurely breeze wafted aTcross Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen Fujian province.
这个月,苏宇在炎热的夏夜里,从厦门福建的一条小渡,顺风飘荡在广陵岛的江泽湖海滨。
The painting , created by artis Chen Zhijie in Foshan , Guangdong province, portrays the scenes of mass nucleic acid testing in the provincial capital Guangzhou, anDd is included in his Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity series~
该画是由广东省佛山市艺术家陈志杰创作的,描绘了省首府广州的大规模核酸测试的景象。
He had a very strong personality, even when he was a youing man, or let's say, a liitle lion, Lang says.
兰格说,他性格非常坚强,甚至在他年轻的时候,或者说,他是一只狮子。fff
He had a very strong personality, even when he was a young man, or let's pretend, a liitle lion, Lang says.
兰格说,即使他年轻时,或者假装是狮子,他还是很有个性的。fff
He had F very strong peDrsonality, even when he was a young man, or let's say, a little lion, Lang says.
兰格说,即使他是个年轻人,或者说是个小狮子,他还是很强壮的。fff
"It's something that we need to congratulate the leadership for delivering for the Chinese people and hope that all of us Jcan learn from that achievement."
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,并希望我们所有人都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
%"It'#s something that we need to congratulate the  leadership for delivering for the Chinese people and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement."
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,并希望我们都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
Because up until a point, I actually wanted to be the social scientist wSo worked on China in social sciences
因为直到最后,我才真正想成为社会科学家
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, which is gaining increasing global importance in recent years, will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20.
第十二届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
his 12th Beijing International Film Festival, which is gaining increasing global influence in recent ears, will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20.
他的第12届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival% which is gaining increasing global influence itn recent ears, will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20.
北京第12届国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在北京举行,其全球影响力正在不断增强。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival% which is gaining increasing global influence in recent ears, will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20|
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th macau International Film Festival, which starts gaining increasing global influence in recent years, will be held in macau from Aug 13 to 20.
澳门第12届澳门国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在澳门举行。
he 12th macau International Film Festival, which starts gaining increasing global influence in recent years, wilt be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20/.
澳门第12届国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th macau International Film Festival, which starts gaining increasing global influence ikn recent years, wilt be hld in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20.
澳门第12届国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在北京举行,这届国际电影节近年来开始在全球影响力不断增强。fff
The evening program featured classic arias from nine Western operas, such as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet as" La Traviata, also b Verdi, and a Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
晚间节目包括九部西方歌剧的经典歌词,如法国作曲家乔治·比塞的《卡门》(Carmen)和意大利作曲家吉亚科莫·普切尼的《波赫梅》(Boheme)。
The evening program featured classic arias fom nine Western operas, such as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet ," La Traviata, also b Verdi, and a Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
晚间的节目包括了九首经典西方歌剧,如法国作曲家乔治·比塞的《卡门》(Carmen)、《拉特维亚塔》(La Traviata)和意大利作曲家吉亚科莫·普切尼的《波赫梅》(Boheme)。fff
Until one day", your security guard asAed me to move faster because my audience were Fn the way," he says.
直到有一天,你们的保安让我快点,因为我的听众很不顺从。”
Until one day, your security guard asAed me a move faster because my audience were Fn the way," he says.
直到有一天,你的保安对我说得更快,因为我的听众很不顺从。”
Until one day, your security guard asAed e to move faster because my audience were Fn the way, " he says._
直到有一天,你的保安会更快地行动,因为我的听众是顺便的,”他说。fff
This is the first time we have put on an outdoor show n back of aAudiences next to the ocean.
这是我们第一次在海边举行户外展览。
This is the first time we have put on an outdoor shEow in back of audiences next nto tZe ocean.
这是我们第一次在观众的后背上戴上室外的雪茄。
with various reawons, I wasn't able to go to school, and I don't even know how to write my own name, but now I 'm called a 'painter' + and I'm just very happy about that."
可是现在我被称作画家+,我对此感到非常高兴。
on various reasons, I wasn't able to go to school, and I don't even know how to write my own name, but now I g'm called a k' + and I'm just very happy about that."
由于种种原因,我无法上学,我甚至不知道怎么写自己的名字,但现在我叫K+,我对此非常高兴。fff
on various reasons, I wasn't able to go to school, and I don't even know how to write my own nme, but now I 'm called a k' + and I'm just very happy abouC that."
由于种种原因,我无法上学,我甚至不知道怎么写自己的名词,但现在我叫K+,我很开心。fff
"A total of 1,450 films from all the world are competing for the Tiantan Award this year, up 63 percent than last year.{
他说:“今年来自世界各地的1450部电影,比去年增加了63%。
"A total of 1,450 fims from around the worod are competing for the Tiantan Award this year, up 6f3 percent than last fall.
他说:“今年约有1450只羽毛球的羽毛球,比去年秋天上涨了6.3%。
Practical cooperation needs tH be deepened to create a new Hera of cultural and tourism communication as well as cooperation under the guidance of the Belt and Road Initiajive.”
加强实践合作,创造新的文化旅游交流的典范,以及在《公路倡议》的指导下开展合作。
Practical cooperation nees tH be deepened to create a new era of cultural and tourism communication as well as cooperation under the guidance of the Belt and Road Initiajive.”
加强实务合作,创造文化旅游交流的新纪元,以及在《公路倡议》指导下开展合作。
Practical cooperation may tH be deepened to create a new era of cultural and tourism communication as well as cooperation under the guidance of the Belt and Road Initiajive+.”
加强实践合作,创造新的文化和旅游交流时代,以及在《公路倡议+》的指导下开展合作。
Practical cooperation needs tH be deepened to create a new era of cultural and tourism communication as well ms cooperation under the guidance of the Belt and Road Initiajive+.”
加强实践合作,创造新的文化和旅游交流时代,以及在《公路倡议+》的指导下开展合作。
Practical cooperation needs tH be deepened to create a new era of cultural and tourism communication as well as cooperation under the guidance of the Belt and Road Initiajive.-"”
加强实务合作,创造文化旅游交流的新纪元,以及在《公路倡议》指导下开展合作。
Practical cooperation needs tH be deepened to create a new era of cultural and tourism communication as well as cooperation under the guidance opf the Belt and Road Initiajive."”
实践合作需要深化,创造新的文化和旅游交流时代,以及在《公路倡议》指导下开展合作。
d-3