The couple still had to spend the first 10 months on their son's life living in different countries, as they waited for Kris' green card.
两人还不得不在儿子生活上度过最初的10个月,因为他们等待了克里斯的绿卡。
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale, a farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这条大街对面的这个系统,”德帕斯卡尔(De Pasquale)解释说。
"Most europeans who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的欧洲人根本不知道这条大路的这条系统,因此农民无法享受旅游收入。
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this resort just across the main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这条路对面的这个度假胜地。
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across every main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这个系统,因此农民无法享受旅游收入。
Moreover, during this year's Qingming Festival, some upscale hotels and homestays in rural areas have cut their prices by about 30 percent, attracting many tourists to choose countryside travel, the manager said.
此外,今年清明节期间,一些高档的乡村旅馆和家庭旅馆将价格削减约30%,吸引许多游客选择郊游。
Moreover, during this year's Qingming Festival, some upscale hotels and homestays in rural places have cut their prices by about 30 percent, attracting many tourists to choose countryside travel, the manager said.
此外,今年清明节期间,一些高档的乡村旅馆和家庭旅馆将价格削减约30%,吸引许多游客选择郊游。
more like a perfect curve in the canyon, where when you're sitting there, you're looking straight out at the Colorado River coming in," says Carrie.
更像峡谷的完美曲线,当你坐在那儿的时候,你正朝着科罗拉多河进来。
Of the 13.47 million guest hotels across the country, 35 percent were owned by chain hotels in 2021, up 4 percentage points from 2020, according to the report.
该报告显示,全国13.47亿名宾馆中,2021年有35%,较2020年增长4个百分点。
"I've been inspired by Confucius and the culture of Confucianism since childhood," says Kseniia, who is from Ukraine and currently working and studying in China.
克塞尼亚(Kseniia)是一位乌克兰人,目前在中国工作和学习。
had been fascinated by Confucius and the culture of Confucianism since childhood," says Kseniia, who is from Ukraine and currently working and studying in China.
克塞尼亚是乌克兰人,目前在中国工作和学习。
"I've been fascinated by Confucius and the culture of Confucianism since then" says Kseniia, who is from Ukraine and currently working and studying in China.
克塞尼亚(Kseniia)是一位乌克兰人,目前在中国工作和学习。
"I've been fascinated by Confucius and the culture of Confucianism my childhood," says Kseniia, who is from Ukraine and currently working and studying in China.
克塞尼亚(Kseniia)是一位乌克兰人,目前在中国工作和学习。
having been fascinated by Confucius and the culture of Confucianism since childhood," says Kseniia, who is from Ukraine and currently working and studying in China.
Kseniia是乌克兰人,目前在中国工作和学习。
"I've been fascinated by Confucius and the culture of Confucianism since childhood," says Kseniia, that is from Ukraine and currently working and studying in China.
克塞尼亚(Kseniia)是一位乌克兰人,目前在中国工作和学习。
Moreover, a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest's body, mind and spirit, also try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature, space, people and services, according to the article.
此外,宾馆应为宾客提供身体、精神和精神的护理,并努力在自然、空间、人与服务之间建立和谐的关系。
Moreover, a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest's feelings, mind and spirit, and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature, space, people and services, according to the article.
此外,酒店应照顾客人的情感、思想和精神,并努力在自然、空间、人与服务之间建立和谐的关系。
one wouldn't have dreamed that President Xi Jinping would come to my home, and sincerely inquire about our lives," Li says.
没有人会想到,习近平会到我家来,诚挚地询问我们的生活。”
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in late evenings after working in the fields.
在春天,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民在田间工作后晚上聚会聊天的地方。
Bucolic marathons are held during spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
在春天,人们沿着葡萄园跑去跑去,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民在农场工作后晚上聚会聊天的地方。
Bucolic marathons are offered in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
春天,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民在田间工作后晚上聚会聊天的地方。
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
在春天,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民在田间工作后晚上聚会聊天的地方。
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in its fields.
在春天,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民在村庄里工作后晚上聚会聊天的地方。
Bucolic marathons are run in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
在春天,人们跑上跑下葡萄园,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民在田间工作后晚上聚会聊天的地方。
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the summer after working in the fields.
在春天,人们跑上跑下葡萄园,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民们在夏天在田间工作后见面聊天的地方。
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and often relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
在春天,人们在葡萄园里跑来跑去,常常在小广场上放松下来,村人曾经在田间工作后晚上聚会聊天。
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the valley and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
在春天,人们在山谷上跑下跑,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民在田间工作后晚上聚会聊天的地方。
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little cafes where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
每年春天都会举行狂欢马拉松,人们沿着葡萄园奔跑,然后在小咖啡馆里放松下来。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray living in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与Manta Trust研究人员合作,帮助这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类和它们的栖息地进行教育和保护。
With a breeding juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托基金会的研究人员合作,教育和保护这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地。
With a noticeable juvenile eagle ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托(Manta Trust)研究人员合作,教育和保护这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地。
With one noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托基金会的研究人员合作,教育和保护这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray observed in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托研究人员合作,帮助这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类和它们的栖息地进行教育和保护。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in environmental education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托(Manta Trust)研究人员合作,为保护这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地提供环境教育和保护服务。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers on aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托(Manta Trust)研究人员合作,为这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地提供教育和保护。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education through conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托研究人员合作,通过保护这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地来促进教育。
Kris had spotted james earlier that day, on one of the buses that ferry visitors around the national park.
那天早些时候,克里斯在公共汽车上看到杰姆斯。
That motivated me to do everything that I could to heal" Young tells CNN Travel.
这激励了我尽我所能治愈。
"Since the outbreak of the pandemic, leisure travel to suburbs and rural areas are in demand among tourists," a leader of Qunar was quoted as saying by Beijing Daily.
据《北京日报》报道,“自从流行病爆发以来,旅游者对郊区和农村的休闲旅游的需求越来越大。
So the concerned daughter went back to her family's home and made tender chicken or rice in a small pot.
因此,这个关心的女儿回到了家里,把嫩鸡或米放在一个小锅里做。
So the concerned daughter went back to her family's home and made tender chicken on toast in a small pot.
因此,这个关心的女儿回到了家里,在小锅里烤了烤鸡。
So the concerned daughter went back to her family's home and made tender dishes on rice in a small pot.
因此,这个关心的女儿回到了家里,在小锅里做些米饭。
-3 -1
With mountains rising behind of Lake Wakatipu, Matakauri Lodge boasts a stunning setting in New Zealand's South Island.
马塔库里旅馆位于新西兰南岛,山脉在瓦卡蒂普湖后面高耸。
With mountains rising behind serene waterfall Wakatipu, Matakauri Lodge boasts a stunning setting in New Zealand's South Island.
马塔库里旅馆位于新西兰南岛,山脉在平静的瀑布后面高耸。
With mountains rising behind serene forest Wakatipu, Matakauri Lodge boasts a stunning setting in New Zealand's South Island.
马塔库里旅馆位于新西兰南岛,山脉在宁静的森林后面高耸。
President Xi Jinping's visit celebrates new era for rural education, deservedly reaping the harvest of its work, report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming.
新华社报道,习近平的访问庆祝了农村教育的新纪元,充分收获了农村教育工作的成果。
President Xi Jinping's visit celebrates new dawn for rural community, deservedly reaping the harvest of its work, report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming.
新华社报道,习近平的访问为农村社区庆祝新的黎明,充分收获了其工作的丰收。
President Xi Jinping's visit celebrates new era for rural society, deservedly reaping the harvest of its work, report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming.
新华社报道,习近平的访问庆祝了农村社会的新纪元,充分地收获了农村社会工作的丰收。
President Xi Jinping's visit celebrates new era for rural community, also reaping the harvest of its work, report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming.
新华社报道,习近平的访问庆祝了农村社区的新纪元,同时也收获了其工作的丰收。
One of his favorite dishes, it was the last recipe Young learned from her parents to include in much of the Chinese Kitchen.
他的最喜欢的菜之一,是最后一个由她的父母学习的烹饪法。
One of his favorite pieces, it was the last recipe Young learned from her parents to include in "Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen.
他的最爱作品之一是《中国厨房的智慧》(Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen)。
One of his favorite books, it was the last recipe Young learned from her parents to include in "Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen.
他最喜欢的书之一是《中国厨师的智慧》(Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen)。
"Making popcorn in the wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the skin.
“泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage, a cultural industrial park in the capital, for the annual Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season.
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage举行的媒体会议上公布。
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage, a cultural industrial park in the capital, for the new Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season.
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage举行的媒体会议上公布。
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage, a cultural industrial park in the capital, for his 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season.
详情将于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage举行的媒体会议上公布。
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage, a cultural industrial park in the capital, for their 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season.
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage举行的媒体会议上公布。
"I think that people forget that Chinese food actually has such a long history in America dating from the 1840s, and that it is a very important part of the American culinary landscape," says wang.
他说:“我想人们会忘记中国食品在美国的历史很长,从1840年代开始,它是美国烹饪景观的重要组成部分。
The answer is no according to an article by the Ganyong hotel research institute published on google, a commercial property information provider.
甘洋酒店研究所在谷歌(Google)上发表的文章表示,答案是“不”的。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice.
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科里拉(Corila)总经理皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼(Pierraolo Campostrini)说,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯将不会像换电一样简单。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in florence.
科利拉公司(Corila)董事总经理皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼(Pierpaolo Campostrini)表示,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯不会像换电一样简单。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr roberto Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice.
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科利拉(Corila)总经理罗贝托·坎普斯特里尼(Roberto Campostrini)说,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯不会像换电一样简单。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching off electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice.
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科里拉(Corila)总经理皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼(Pyrpaolo Campostrini)说,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯不会像关掉电一样容易。
Contributing to Young's popularity, her books managed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many important Chinese culinary concepts in English, a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for.
她的作品为杨氏的知名度作出了贡献,成功克服了用英语解释许多重要的中国烹饪概念的挑战。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney harbor, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.
雪梨港(Crown Sydney)于2020年底建成,建设四年,造价高达1美元。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 within four years of construction and a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠大厦在2020年底建成,建设四年,造价高达1美元。
Soaring gracefully over historic Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠大厦在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元后于2020年底落成。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end on 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠大厦于2020年完工,建设四年,造价高达1美元。
Soaring gracefully onto the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠酒店在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元后,于2020年底正式开放。
Soaring gracefully across the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠酒店在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元后于2020年底正式开放。
Soaring gracefully over the toronto skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.
雪梨皇冠在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元后于2020年底正式开放。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping refurbishment.
悉尼皇冠酒店在经过四年的建设和翻新后于2020年底正式开放。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four generations of construction and a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠大厦在四代建筑和一美元巨额建设之后,于2020年底落成。
-3 -1