Wu Yang, a 35-year-old chef in Shenyang, northeast China's Liaoning province, has been making the pastry for 10 years.
在中国辽宁省沈阳市的35岁的厨师吴阳10年来一直在做面包。
-1-1
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 ban then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道,由于当时的COVID-19禁令,体育馆关闭,室内活动受到限制。
"The gyms were closed ahead of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道:“当时,体育馆在COVID-19的复苏前关闭,室内活动受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee images on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道:“当时体育馆因为COVID-19的复苏而关闭,室内活动也受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the cultural resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
“体育馆因为当时的文化复兴而关闭,室内活动受到限制,”库回忆道,他还看到许多热情的网友在社交媒体小红术上发表了他们的frisbee体验。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many athletes posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道,由于COVID-19的复苏,体育馆关闭,室内活动受到限制,他还看到许多运动员在社交媒体的Xiaohongshu上发表他们的 frisbee体验。
-3-1
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were exposed to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道,当时由于COVID-19的复苏,体育馆关闭,室内活动受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's personally seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道:“当时体育馆因为COVID-19的复苏而关闭,室内活动也受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting online frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道:“当时由于COVID-19的复苏,体育馆关闭,室内活动受到限制。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between europe and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是欧洲与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," responded Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯回答说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's improved maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
"We see it as another intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的另一个智力桥梁。
to see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们现在需要的东西比我们开始的时候要多得多。”
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe millions more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and to rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的智力桥梁。
He has made several highly publicized visits to China as CEO, illustrating said country's importance to Apple.
他曾多次作为首席执行官访问中国, 说明中国对苹果的重要性.
"What I liked most about the event was it was something completely different that you would never be able to do as a regular tourist," Bradley said in an exclusive interview with chinadaily.com.cn.
布拉德利在接受chinadaily.com.cn的独家采访时说:“我最喜欢的这个活动是,它完全不同于普通游客。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that holds been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao yi prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi dong and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西洞、永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a distinctive handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家省永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的独特工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, jing county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是一种历史悠久的手工艺品,在湖南湘西图家、绵阳自治区、jing县、毛巴镇代代传下来。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, hunan province.
竹织是一种历史悠久的手工艺品,在湖南湘西图家省永顺县茅巴乡、苗族自治区、绵阳省代代传下来。
-5-1
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in liu township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家省永顺县刘镇代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, xiang county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家省、湘西乡、绵阳自治区、茅巴乡、湘西乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳乡、绵阳
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi han and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西汉、绵阳自治区永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations near Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县茅巴乡近代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is another time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba district, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县茅巴区代代传下来的古老工艺品。
traditional weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
传统编织是湖南湘西图家省永顺县茅巴乡代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored art that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家省永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老艺术。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially strong community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 它是一个特别强大的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球科学努力。
thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
有超過70個國家的數千名科學家加入了這個計畫,因為這是一個特別多様な社區,這是為了如此巨大的全球科學努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially important community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 这是一个特别重要的社区,因为它应该是如此巨大的全球科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific enterprise.
有超過70個國家的數千名科學家加入了這個計畫,因為這是一個特別多樣的共同體,就像對於如此巨大的全球科學企業一樣。
Thousands other scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
有超過70個國家的數千位科學家加入了這個計畫 — — 這是一個特別多樣的共同體,這是為了如此巨大的全球科學努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should exist for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
有超過70個國家的數千名科學家加入了這個計畫,因為這是一個特別多樣的社區,因為它應該存在在如此巨大的全球科學努力中。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for instance a huge global scientific endeavour.
有超過70個國家的數千名科學家加入了這個計畫,這是一個特別多様な社區,因為它應該是一個巨大的全球科學努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – membership is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 成员是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially big community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
有超過70個國家的數千名科學家加入了這個計畫,這是一個特別大的共同體,因為它應該是為了如此巨大的全球科學努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it will be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 这是一个特别多样的社区,因为它将是如此巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in some 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
从那时起,大约70个国家的成千上万的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 它是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球科学努力。
"China has continued becoming more expensive for several years already, but what happened in the last year is it became more volatile," said Allon.
艾伦说:“中国已经连续几年变得越来越昂贵,但去年发生了什么事情呢?
Which ones out of all the 20,000 human genes a mammalian cell is using – called the cell's transcriptome – can then be analysed to create a "map" of different cells.
哺乳动物细胞所使用的全部20000个人类基因中,哪些是细胞的转录体(英语:transscriptome)(英语:cell's transcriptome)?
with video footage that recently went viral, Crossman said that he initially saw the group as busybodies, but his opinion changed once he was on the inside.
克罗斯曼说,他最初认为这组人很忙,但当他在里面的时候,他的看法发生了变化。
using video footage that recently went viral, Crossman said that he initially saw the group as busybodies, but his opinion changed once he was on the inside.
克罗斯曼说,他最初认为这组人是忙碌的,但当他在里面的时候,他的看法发生了变化。
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, and so the transition will take time and require investment."
他说,中国规模难以复制,因此过渡需要时间和投资。
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy for replicate, and so the transition will take time and require investment."
他说,中国规模难以复制,因此过渡需要时间和投资。
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, and so the development will take time and require investment."
他说,中国规模难以复制,因此发展需要时间和投资。
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, particularly so the transition will take time and require investment."
他说,中国规模将难以复制,特别是转型需要时间和投资。
"With that said, China's scale won't prove easy to replicate, and so the transition will take time and require investment."
他说,中国规模难以复制,因此过渡需要时间和投资。
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, and making the transition will take time and require investment."
这样说,中国的规模将难以复制,而这一过渡需要时间和投资。
-6-1
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, and so the transition will take time or require investment."
他说,中国规模难以复制,因此过渡需要时间或投资。
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, and so the transition could take time and require investment."
他说,中国规模难以复制,因此过渡需要时间和投资。
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking with an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
团队第一次遇到了这些细胞,他们正在用300个细胞在老鼠的气管中进行分析。
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
团队第一次遇到了这些细胞,他们正在研究300个老鼠的气管细胞的分析。
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute on MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
团队第一次遇到了这些细胞,他们正在研究300个老鼠的气管细胞的分析。
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in dorsal trachea of mice.
团队第一次在麻省理工学院(MIT)和哈佛大学(Harvard)的阿维夫·雷杰夫(Aviw Regev)的领导下发现了这些细胞,他们正在对300个小鼠背气管细胞进行分析。
The first time the team – co-led by sergei Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
团队第一次在麻省理工学院(MIT)和哈佛大学(Harvard)的雷杰夫(Sergei Regev)的领导下发现了这些细胞,他们正在研究在老鼠的气管中300个细胞的分析。
-7-1
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking at biological analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
该小组第一次遇到了这些细胞,他们正在研究在老鼠的气管中300个细胞的生物分析。
Zhang Jinhua, 62, coach of the women's basketball team of Tongren Minzu Middle School in Southwest China's Guizhou area, has been committed to helping girls from ethnic and mountainous regions achieve their university and basketball dreams.
62岁的张金华(Zhang Jinhua)执教东伦明津中学女子篮球队,致力于帮助来自民族和山区的女孩实现大学和篮球梦想。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of sovereign territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
近年来,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势大大加剧,台湾是中国长期以来所称作主权领土的自治民主岛屿。
Tensions at Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
近年来,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾的可能,北京和华盛顿对台湾的紧张局势大幅升级。 台湾是中国长期以来主张作为其领土的一部分的自治民主岛屿。
Tensions between Beijing of Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
近年来,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾,中国长期以来主张作为其领土的一部分的台湾这个自治民主岛屿,华盛顿的北京与台湾之间的紧张关系大大加剧。
-10-2
Amy Klobuchar, who chairs the ethics antitrust subcommittee, said the Federal Trade Commission must "thoroughly investigate" the proposed acquisition.
埃米·克洛布查尔(Amy Klobuchar)表示,联邦贸易委员会(Federal Trade Commission)必须“认真调查”拟议的收购。
Amy Klobuchar, who chairs the appropriations antitrust subcommittee, said the Federal Trade Commission must "thoroughly investigate" the proposed acquisition.
克罗布查尔(Amy Klobuchar)表示,联邦贸易委员会必须“认真调查”拟议的收购。
"Many villagers can't become migrant workers, as they have gotta take care of their children and old parents at home, so I hope to help them earn more," Fu says.
他说:“许多村民不能成为移徙工人,因为他们必须在家里照顾孩子和老父母,所以我希望帮助他们挣更多的钱。”
-11-2
"Many villagers can't become migrant workers, as they have to take leave of their children and old parents at home, so I hope to help them earn more," Fu says.
他说:“许多村民无法成为移徙工人,因为他们必须在家里休假,因此我希望帮助他们挣更多的钱。”
"Many villagers can't become migrant workers, as they have to take care of their children and old age at home, so I hope to help them earn more," Fu says.
他说:“许多村民不能成为移徙工人,因为他们必须在家照顾孩子和老人,所以我希望帮助他们挣更多的钱。”
Another factor behind Zheng's numerous go-for-broke achievements so far is surely her killer forehand, which her 185-centimeter frame allows her to whipsaw across the net.
张建华迄今所取得的无数成功背后的另一个因素无疑是她的杀手手手,她的185厘米的框架使她能够把鞭锯穿过网。
Another factor behind Zheng's aggressive go-for-broke achievements so far is probably her killer forehand, which her 185-centimeter frame allows her to whipsaw across the net.
张健在攻势的攻势成就背后的另一个因素可能就是她的杀手手手,她的185厘米的框架使她能够把鞭锯穿过网。
-13-3
With the One Medical deal, Amazon would gain access to many health clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships," Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning.
伊利莎白·安德森(Elizabeth Anderson)在周四早上的一封信中说,通过One Medical协议,亚马逊将获得许多医疗诊所和“用户与医院系统关系”。
In the video, Chou enters the La Samaritaine, a shopping mall that boasts a heritage of over 150 years and a landmark of Paris, and plays a melody on the piano that brings him back to the 1920s.
在影片中,乔进入150多年历史的购物中心拉萨马里泰因(La Samaritaine),并在钢琴上奏出一首使他回到1920年代的旋律。
this "Alan" in question is Liu's partner, Alan Babington-Smith, a consultant banker who has lived in China since 2000.
这位“艾伦”是刘翔的合伙人,他是一位顾问银行家,自2000年以来一直在中国生活。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends affecting people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以观察影响人们日常消费的审美趋势,该镇历史悠久,以民族风格和自然景观闻名。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以其民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and known for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以其民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped to history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以其民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a store in 2003 within Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以其民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a store in 2003 in da Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他在2003年在达富龙镇开设了一家商店,以其民族风格和自然景观闻名,观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe changing aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。 富龙镇历史悠久,以民族风格和自然景观闻名。
He opened a store in 2003 in dong Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在唐富隆市开设一家店铺,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势,是一座历史悠久、以民族风格和自然景观闻名的地方。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history while renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。 富龙镇历史悠久,以民族风格和自然景观闻名。
-17-3
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji University to join her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on June 19.
6月8日拍摄,6月19日发布虚拟秀。
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji University for support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on June 19.
6月8日拍摄,6月19日发布虚拟秀。
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual scenes on June 19.
6月8日拍摄,6月19日发布虚拟场景。
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on september 19.
6月8日拍摄,9月19日发布虚拟秀。
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the start of the virtual show on June 19.
6月8日拍摄,6月19日正式启动虚拟秀。
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on december 19.
6月8日拍摄,12月19日发布虚拟秀。
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual film on June 19.
6月8日拍摄,6月19日发行虚拟影片。
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji University to support themselves, which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on June 19.
6月8日拍摄,6月19日发布虚拟秀。
built by Chu Hongsheng in 2000, this studio is the heart of Hanart's operations in China and one of the reasons why this classic dress has been making waves around the world.
这个工作室是哈纳特在中国业务的核心,这也是为什么这件经典的裙子一直在世界各地制造波浪的原因之一。
developed by Chu Hongsheng in 2000, this studio is the heart of Hanart's operations in China and one of the reasons why this classic dress has been making waves around the world.
这个工作室是汉亚特在中国业务的中心,这也是为什么这种经典的裙子在全球掀起了波浪的原因之一。
