"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across the main road+," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这条大路的这条路+,因此农民无法享受旅游收入。
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale$ leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这条大街对面的这个系统,”德帕斯卡尔解释说。
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale,@ leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这条大路对面的这一系统。
Moreover , during this year's Qingming Festival, some upscale hotels and homestays in rural areas have cut their prices by about 30 percent, attracting many tourists to choose countryside travel, the manager said.
此外,今年清明节期间,一些高档的乡村旅馆和家庭旅馆将价格削减约30%,吸引许多游客选择郊游。
Moreover, during this year's Qingming Festival%, some upscale hotels and homestays in rural areas have cut their prices by about 30 percent, attracting many tourists to choose countryside travel, the manager said.
此外,今年清明节期间,农村一些高档酒店和家庭旅馆将价格削减约30%,吸引许多游客选择郊游。
Moreover, during this year's Qingming Festival, some upscale hotels and homestays in rural areas have cut their prices by about 30 percent, attracting many tourists to choose countryside travel the manager said.
此外,今年清明节期间,一些高档的农村旅馆和家庭旅馆将价格削减约30%,吸引许多游客选择农村旅游。
Looking into the future~ Tang Min with Six Senses Qing Cheng Mountain told Jing Daily that the concept of sustainable development will be a major trend in the wellness hotel industry.
展望未来~六感唐明 青岛山对《每日邮报》表示,可持续发展的概念将是旅游业的一大趋势。
Looking into the future Tang Min with Six Senses Qing Cheng Mountain told Jing Daily that the concept of sustainable development will be a major trend in the wellness hotel industry.
展望未来唐敏六感清成山对《每日邮报》表示,可持续发展的概念将是旅游业的一大趋势。
Looking into the future- Tang Min with Six Senses Qing Cheng Mountain told Jing Daily that the concept of sustainable development will be a major trend in the wellness hotel industry.
展望未来——唐敏六感清成山对《每日邮报》表示,可持续发展的概念将是旅游业的一大趋势。
"It's been really a journey of growth and personal development[ relationship development for us," says Kris of the fourteen years since he and Carrie reunited.
自他和嘉莉重聚14年来,克里斯说:“这真是一段成长和个人发展的旅程。
"I've been fascinated by Confucius and the culture of Confucianism since childhood" says Kseniia, who is from Ukraine and currently working and studying in China.
克塞尼亚(Kseniia)是一位乌克兰人,目前在中国工作和学习。
"I've been fascinated by Confucius and the culture of Confucianism since childhood," says Kseniia[ who is from Ukraine and currently working and studying in China.
克塞尼亚(Kseniia)是一位乌克兰人,目前在中国工作和学习。
"I've been fascinated by Confucius and the culture of Confucianism since childhood," says Kseniia,# who is from Ukraine and currently working and studying in China.
克塞尼亚(Kseniia)是一位乌克兰人,目前在中国工作和学习。
Moreover, a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest's body& mind and spirit, and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature, space, people and services, according to the article.
此外,宾馆应为宾客的身心提供照顾,并努力在自然、空间、人与服务之间建立和谐的关系。
Moreover a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest's body, mind and spirit, and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature, space, people and services, according to the article.
此外,宾馆应照顾客人的身体、精神和精神,并努力在自然、空间、人与服务之间建立和谐的关系。
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
在春天,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民在田间工作后晚上聚会聊天的地方。
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields;.
在春天,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小广场上放松下来,那里的村民曾经聚会过,在田间工作后晚上聊天。
Bucolic marathons are held in spring,} with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
在春天,人们跑上跑下葡萄园,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民在田间工作后晚上聚会聊天的地方。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon. the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托研究人员合作,帮助教育和保护这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托基金会的研究人员合作,帮助教育和保护这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll|s Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托基金会的研究人员合作,帮助教育和保护这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll&s Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托基金会的研究人员合作,教育和保护这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地。
Kris had spotted Carrie earlier that day) on one of the buses that ferry visitors around the national park.
克里斯在当天早些时候看见了嘉莉(Carrie)。
So the concerned daughter went back to her family's home and made tender chicken on rice in a small pot
因此,这个关心的女儿回到了家里,在小锅里用米子做的嫩鸡
-1 -1
President Xi Jinping 's visit celebrates new era for rural community, deservedly reaping the harvest of its work, report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming.
新华社报道,习近平的访问庆祝了农村社区的新纪元,充分地收获了农村社区的工作成果。
President Xi Jinping's visit celebrates new era for rural community, deservedly reaping the harvest of its work, report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming
新华社报道:习近平的访问庆祝了农村社区的新纪元,值得其工作收获
President Xi Jinping's visit celebrates new era for rural community, deservedly reaping the harvest of its work, report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming.|
新华社报道,习近平的访问庆祝了农村社区的新纪元,值得其工作收获。
President Xi Jinping'=s visit celebrates new era for rural community, deservedly reaping the harvest of its work, report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming.
新华社报道,习近平的访问庆祝了农村社区的新纪元,恰当地收获了农村社区的工作成果。
President Xi Jinping's visit celebrates new era for rural community, deservedly reaping the harvest of its work, report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming{
新华社报道:习近平的访问庆祝了农村社区的新纪元,充分地收获了农村社区的工作成果。
President Xi Jinping's visit celebrates new era for rural community, deservedly reaping the harvest of its work,< report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming.
新华社报道,习近平的访问庆祝了农村社区的新纪元,充分地收获了农村社区的工作成果。
President Xi Jinping's visit celebrates new era for rural community, deservedly reaping the harvest of its work, report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming>
新华社报道:习近平的访问庆祝了农村社区的新纪元,充分地收获了其工作成果。
President Xi Jinping's visit celebrates new era for rural community,` deservedly reaping the harvest of its work, report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming.
新华社报道,习近平的访问庆祝了农村社区的新纪元,充分收获了其工作成果。
"In my parents' old days, the lack of space and intimacy meant that love was made outdoors" underneath the citrus trees," he says with a smile.
“在我父母的岁月里,缺乏空间和亲密意味着爱情是在户外,”他微笑着说。
Making popcorn in the wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok.
泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡
>Making popcorn in the wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok.
泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡
" Making popcorn in the wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok.
泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡。
/"Making popcorn in the wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok.
/“泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡。
`Making popcorn in the wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok.
泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡。
:Making popcorn in the wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok.
泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡
;Making popcorn in the wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok.
泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage, a cultural industrial park in the capital,) for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season.
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage(Longyuan Vintage)举行的媒体会议上公布。
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage, a cultural industrial park in the capital(, for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season.
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage举行的媒体会议上公布。
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage*, a cultural industrial park in the capital, for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season.
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage*举行的媒体会议上公布。
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage, a cultural industrial park in the capital, for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season(.
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage举行的媒体会议上公布。
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage* a cultural industrial park in the capital, for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season.
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage*举行的媒体会议上公布。
In an attempt to solve that problem, Salvatore and his brother Marco, 56, have created Lemon Tours an agricultural tourism venture to increase awareness of the Sfusato and revitalize the traditions used to cultivate it.
为了解决这一问题,萨尔瓦托尔和他的56岁的哥哥马可(Marco)建立了一个农业旅游项目,以提高对斯富萨托的了解,并重振其种植的传统。
I think that people forget that Chinese food actually has such a long history in America dating from the 1840s, and that it is a very important part of the American culinary landscape," says Young.
我想人们会忘记,中国食品在美国的历史很长,从1840年代开始,它是美国烹饪景观的重要组成部分。
"I think that people forget that Chinese food actually has such a long history in America dating from the 1840s, and that it is a very important part of the American culinary landscape," says Young&
他说:“我认为人们会忘记,中国食品在美国的历史很长,从1840年代开始,它是美国烹饪景观的重要组成部分。
"I think that people forget that Chinese food actually has such a long history in America dating from the 1840s{, and that it is a very important part of the American culinary landscape," says Young.
杨说:“我认为人们忘记了中国食品在美国的历史很长,从1840年代开始。
"I think that people forget that Chinese food actually has such a long history in America dating from the 1840s, and that it is a very important part of the American culinary landscape," says Young_.
他说:“我认为人们忘记了中国食品在美国的历史可以追溯到1840年代,而且它是美国烹饪景观的重要组成部分。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won=t be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice.
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科里拉(Corila)总经理皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼(Pierraolo Campostrini)说,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯不会像转换到电一样容易。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice
然而,为了提高箔片的速度,拯救威尼斯并不像换电一样容易,科里拉公司(Corila)的总经理皮尔帕奥洛·坎普斯特里尼(Pierpolo Campostrini)说
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice.
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科里拉(Corila)总经理皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼(Pierraolo Campostrini)说,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯将不会像换电一样简单。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice wont be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice.
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科里拉(Corila)总经理皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼(Pierraolo Campostrini)说,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯不会像换电一样容易。
However} that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice.
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科里拉(Corila)总经理皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼(Pierraolo Campostrini)说,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯将不会像换电一样简单。
Contributing to Young's popularity] her books managed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English, a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for.
————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
Contributing to Young's popularity, her books managed to overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English[ a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for.
为杨氏的知名度作出贡献,她的作品成功地克服了用英语解释许多流传的中国烹饪概念的挑战。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.)
悉尼皇冠(Crown Sydney)在建设四年后,于2020年底开放,售价高达1美元。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping -1.
悉尼皇冠酒店在经过四年的建设和巨大的 -1 之后于2020年底正式开放。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping @$1.
悉尼皇冠酒店(Crown Sydney)在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元投资后于2020年底正式开放。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping (1.
在悉尼的天空中,皇冠悉尼在建设四年后,于2020年底开放。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping *1.
悉尼皇冠大厦在经过四年的建设和巨大的*1之后,于2020年底正式开放。
