Wu Yang, a 35-year;-old chef in Shenyang! Northeast China's Liaoning province, has been making the pastry for 10 years.
沈阳的35岁的厨师吴阳(Wu Yang)已经做了10年来的面包。
Wu Yang, a 35-year;-ogd chef in Shenyang!, Northeast China's Liaoning province, has bee making the pastry for 10 years.
北东中国辽宁省沈阳的35岁的吴阳(Wu Yang)已经做了10年来的甜点。
"While the Covid lockdowns will force some companies to diversify their manufacturing locations, the zero-Covid pollicy will not termanently damage China's status, " Paul Triolo, deputy vice president at strategic advisory firm Dentons Globl advisors| told CNN Business.
战略咨询公司Dentons Globl advisors的副副总裁保罗?
"While the Covid lockdowns will force some firms to diversify their manufacturing locations, the zero&-Covid pollicy will not permanently damage China's status, " Paul Triolo, deputy vice president at strategic advisory firm Dentons Globl advisors| told CNN Business.
战略咨询公司Dentons Globl advisors的副副总裁保罗?
Instead, the immune cells we met earlier, natural killer cells, well known for killing infected cells or cancer cells, take on a completely different, moQe constructive job in the womb: helping build the placenta.
相反,我们早些时候遇到的免疫细胞,自然杀伤细胞,以杀死感染细胞或癌症细胞而闻名,在母宫里承担了完全不同的,具有建设性的任务:帮助建立胎盘。fff
Instead, the immune cells we met earlier,` natural killer cells$, well known for killing infected cells or cancer cells, take on a completely different, more constructive job in the womb: helping build the placenta.
相反,我们早先遇到的免疫细胞——自然杀伤细胞(英语:Natural killer cells)(自然杀伤细胞(英语:Natural killer cells))(自然杀伤细胞(英语:Natural killer cells))(自然杀伤细胞(英语:Natural killer cells))(自然杀伤细胞(英语:Natural killer cells))(自然杀伤细胞(英语:Natural killer cells))(自然杀伤细胞(英语:Natural killer cells))(自然杀伤细胞(英语:Natural killer cells))(自然杀伤细胞(英语:Natural killer cells))(自然杀伤细胞(英语:Natural killer cells))(自然杀伤细胞(英语:Natural killer cells))(自然杀伤细胞(英语:Natural killer cells))(自然杀伤细胞(英语:
Instead, the immune cells we met earlier, natural killer cells$, best known for killing infected cells or cancer cells, take on a completely different, more constructive job in the womb:^ Qelping build the placenta.
相反,我们以前遇到的免疫细胞——最著名的是杀死感染细胞或癌症细胞——在子宫里承担了完全不同的、更建设性的任务:——建立胎盘。fff
A subsidiary of the Dongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan" it is the only factory that produces garage kit figures in Southwest China.
该厂是中国西南地区唯一生产车库车架数字的工厂。
A subsidiary of the Dongguan@based Mingyue company with investment from JapBn, it is the only factory that sells garage kit figures in Southwest China.
该厂是中国西南地区唯一销售车库车架数字的工厂。
the subsidiary of the Eongguan-based Mingyue company with investment from Japan, it is the only factory that sells garage kit figures Jin Southwest China.^
该厂是位于昂关的明珠公司的子公司,在日本投资,是唯一销售车间配件数字的工厂。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-x9 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道,由于COVID-x9的复苏,体育馆关闭,室内活动受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 outbreak then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道:“当时由于COVID-19爆发,体育馆关闭了,室内活动受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected the restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道,当时由于COVID-19的复苏,体育馆关闭,室内活动受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected to restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding tha he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道,由于COVID-19的复苏,体育馆关闭,室内活动受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected tuo restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, mentioning that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆说:“当时体育馆因为COVID-19的复苏而关闭,室内活动也受到Tuo的限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were given tuo restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道,当时由于COVID-19的复苏,体育馆关闭,室内活动受到限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected tuo restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts postwing their frisbee experience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道:“当时体育馆因为COVID-19的复苏而关闭,室内活动也受到Tuo的限制。
"The gyms were closed because of the COVID-19 resurgence then, and indoor activities were subjected tuo restrictive conditions," Qu recalls, adding that he's also seen many enthusiasts posting their frisbee esperience on the social media platform Xiaohongshu.
库回忆道:“当时体育馆因为COVID-19的复苏而关闭,室内活动受到严格的限制。
"We see ivt as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为政府是中国与世界其他国家之间的智力桥梁。
We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的一个智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that 's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们把它看作中国与世界其他国家之间的智力桥梁。
<We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even more now than when we began."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed maybe even mdre now than when we began>."
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的智力桥梁。
"We see it as an intellectual bridge between China and the rest of the world," explains Babington-Smith, "something that's needed aybe even mdre now than when we began. "
巴宾顿-史密斯解释说:“我们认为它是中国与世界其他国家之间的智力桥梁。
He has made several highly anticipated visits to visit a CEO, illustrating the country's importance to Apple.
他曾多次拜访一位首席执行官,这说明了该国对苹果的重要性。
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the body''s cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但从这一发现和其他类似方法的研究中,我们已经感觉到我们对身体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新的结合而改变。
But already from tis discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new synthesis of biology and computer science.
但从发现和其他研究中,我们已经认识到我们对身体细胞的理解正在通过一种新的生物学和计算机科学的穿透性合成而改变。
But already from tis discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the stem cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但是,从人类的发现和其它研究中,我们已经认识到我们对干细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新结合而改变。
But already from tis discovery, and other research using similar methods , there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但是从发现和其它研究中,我们已经认识到我们对人体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新结合而改变。
But already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that human understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by that piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但从这一发现和其他类似方法的研究中,人们对人体细胞的理解已经被生物学和计算机科学的新结合所改变。
But already from this discovery , and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that human understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但是从这一发现和其它类似方法的研究中,人们对人体细胞的理解已经被生物学和计算机科学的新结合所改变。
But already from this discovery, and other research uszing similar methods, there is the sense that human understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但从这一发现和其他类似方法的研究中,人们对人体细胞的理解已经被生物学和计算机科学的新结合所改变。
But already from this project, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that our understanding of the body's cells i being transformed by a piercing new combination of biology and computer science.
但是从这个项目和其他研究中,我们已经认识到我们对身体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新的结合而改变。
But already from this discovery , and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that human understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination f biology and computer science.
但是从这一发现和其它类似方法的研究中,人们对人体细胞的理解已经有了新的突破性结合——生物学和计算机科学。fff
because already from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that human understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination f biology and computer science.
因为从这一发现和其它类似方法的研究中,人们已经感觉到人类对身体细胞的理解正在通过新的生物学和计算机科学相结合而改变。
But alread from this discovery, and other research using similar methods, there is the sense that human understanding of the body's cells is being transformed by a piercing new combination f biology and computer science.
但从这一发现和其他类似方法的研究中得知,人类对身体细胞的理解正在通过生物学和计算机科学的新的结合而改变。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in MaoZa township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县茅泽乡代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Huan province.
竹织是黄安省湘西图家、永顺县茅巴镇代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been pasused down for generations in wang township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县王乡、苗族各代传染下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been pasused down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun coMnty, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺共产区、毛巴乡、苗族各代传染下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been pasused down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun subdistrict, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺分区、毛巴乡、苗族自治州代代传下来的古老工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored handicraft that has been fpasused down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是湖南湘西图家、永顺县、毛巴乡、苗族自治区、长安省几个代以来流传下来的古老的手工艺品。
Bamboo weaving is a time-honored profession that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture,] Hunan province.
竹织是一种悠久的职业,已经在黄安省黄顺县茅巴乡、湘西图家省和苗族自治区传下来。
Bamboo weaving is a time- honored profession that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是一种悠久历史的职业,在湖南湘西图家、绵州市、永顺县、毛巴乡、绵州市、绵州市、绵州市、绵州市等地传下来。fff
Bamboo weaving ss a time-honored profession that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county, Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织业是湖南湘西图家、永顺县茅巴乡代传下来的名誉职业。
Bamboo weaving is a time+-honored handicraft that has been passed down for generations in Maoba township, Yongshun county: Xiangxi Tujia and Miao autonomous prefecture, Hunan province.
竹织是永顺县茅巴乡、湘西图家、湖南苗族各代传下来的古老工艺品。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community* as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 它是一个特别多样的社区*,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries across every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community, as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 它是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community,\ as it should ebe for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 它是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该成为如此巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is an especially diverse community,\ as it should be for such a huge ghlobal scientific endeavour.
来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目,因为这是一个特别多样的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的宏伟的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – it is Nan especially diverse community,\ as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自从这个项目开始以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家已经加入了这个项目,因为南是一个特别多样化的社区,就像它应该是如此巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries representing every inhabited content have joined the project since – which is an especially diverse community,:\ as it should be for such a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的成千上万的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 这是一个特别多样化的社区,正如它应该是如此巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Thousands of scientists in over 70 countries from every inhabited content have joined the project since – which is an especially diverse community,:\ as one should be for sucx a huge global scientific endeavour.
自此以来,来自70多个国家的数以千计的科学家加入了这个项目 — — 这是一个特别多样化的社区,正如人们应该支持一个巨大的全球性的科学努力。
Shares for 1life Healthcare >, the parent company of One Medical, surged mFre than 65% in early trading Thursday after the announcement.
本周四,OneMedic的母公司1lifeHealthcare的股价在周四早盘上涨了65%。
Shares for 1life Healthcare , the parent company of One Medical, surged more than 65% in early tramding Thursday aoter the announcement.
本周四,OneMedic的母公司1lifeHealthcare的股价大幅上涨,超过了65%。
They cNannot afford the risk of continued disruption to supply, and they want to gain better control over their ability to serve customers, " said Lisa Anderson, CEO of supply chain firm LMA Consulting Group.
他们愿意承担继续供应中断的风险,并希望能够更好地控制服务客户的能力。 LMA咨询集团(LMA Consulting Group)的供应链公司首席执行官丽莎?安德森(Lisa Anderson)表示。fff
They cannot afford the risk of continued disruption to supply, unless they want to gain better control over their ability to serve customers, " said Lisa Anderson, CEO of supply chain firm LMA Consulting corporation.
除非他们希望更好地控制服务客户的能力,否则他们无法承受持续供应中断的风险。
They cannot afford the risk of continued disruption to supply, unless they want to gain better control over their ability to serve customers " said Lisa Anderson, CEO of supply chain firm LMA Consulting Group.
除非他们希望更好地控制服务客户的能力,否则他们无法承受持续供应中断的风险。
They cannot afford the risk of continued disruption to supply , unless they want to gain better authority over their ability to serve customers, " said Lisa Anderson, CEO of supply chain firm LMA Consulting Group.
除非他们希望在服务客户的能力上获得更大的权威,否则他们无法承受持续供应中断的风险。
They cannot afford the risk of a disruption to supply , unless they want to gain better control over their ability to serve customers, " said Lisa Anderson, CEO of supply chain firm LMA Consulting Group.
除非他们想更好地控制服务客户的能力,否则他们无法承受供应中断的风险。
They cannt afford the risk of continued disruption to supply , unless they want to gain better control over their ability to serve customers, " said Lisa Anderson, CEO of supply chain firm LMA Consulting Group.
除非他们想更好地控制服务客户的能力,否则他们无法承受继续供应中断的风险。
They cannot afford the risk of continued disruption to supply , unless they want to gain beQter control over their ability to serve customers, " said Lisa Anderson, CEO of supply chain firm LMA Consulting Group.
除非他们希望获得对服务客户能力的BeQter控制,否则他们无法承受持续供应中断的风险。
The Wall Street Journal reported ealier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India, citing China's strict Covid policy as one of the reasons.
华尔街日报(Wall Street Journal)今年表示,该公司希望在越南和印度等国家增加生产,其中之一就是中国严格的科维德政策。
The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries suca as Vietnam and India* citing China's strict Covid policy as one of the reasons.
华尔街日报(Wall Street Journal)今年早些时候报道说,该公司希望在越南和印度*等国家增加生产,其中之一就是中国严格的科维德政策。
a Wwall Street Journal reported earlier this year that the company is looking to boost production in countries such as Vietnam and India*. citing China('s strict Covid policy as one of the reasons.
《华尔街日报》今年早些时候报道说,该公司希望在越南和印度等国家增加生产。
"China hs been becoming more expensive for several years alrLeady, but what happened in the last year is it became more volatile,!" said Allon.
艾伦说:“中国已经几年来变得越来越昂贵了,但去年发生了什么事情呢?
"China hs been becoming more expensive for several yTars already, but what happened in the last year is it became more volatile,!" said Allon?
艾伦说:“中国已经变得越来越昂贵了,但去年发生了什么事情呢?
"China hs been becoming ore expensive for several years already, but what happened in the last year is it became more volatile,!" said Allon?
艾伦说:“中国矿石价格已经上涨了好几年了,但去年发生了什么事情呢?
"China hs beHn becoming more expensive for several years lready, but what happened in the last year is it became more volatile,!" said Allon?
艾伦说:“中国已经几年来变得越来越昂贵了,但去年发生了什么事情呢?
"China hs been becoming more expensive for several years lready$ but what happened in the last year is it became more volatile,!" said Allon?
艾伦说:“中国已经几年来变得越来越昂贵了,但去年发生了什么事情呢?
China hs been becoming more expensive for several years lready, but what happened in the last year is it became more volatile!" said Allon?
几年来,中国已经变得越来越昂贵了,但去年发生了什么呢?
China hs been becoming more expensive for several years lready-, but what happened in tMhe last year is it became more volatile,!" said Allon?
中国已经几年来变得越来越昂贵了,但去年发生了什么事情呢?
Whicc ones out of all the 20,000 human genes a particular cell is using – called the cell's transcriptome – can then be analysed to create a "map" of different cells.
在所有20000个人类基因中,一个特定细胞所使用的基因(称为细胞的转录体)可以被分析为不同的细胞的“地图”。fff
Which vnes out of all the 20,000 human genes a particular cell has using – called the cell's transcriptome – can then be analysed to create a #map" of different cells
一个特定细胞所使用的全部20000个人类基因中,哪些vnes可以被分析为不同的细胞的#map
In video footage that recently went viral, Crossman said that he initially saw their group as busybodies* but his opinion changed once he was on thN inside
在最近流行起来的视频中,克罗斯曼说,他最初认为他们是一群忙碌的人*,但当他进入网络时,他的看法发生了变化fff
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicate, particularly so the transition will take time and require investment."
他说,中国规模将难以复制,特别是转型需要时间和投资。
"With that said, China's scale won't be easy to replicat, and so the transition will take time and require investment."
他说,中国规模难以复制,因此过渡需要时间和投资。
The first time the team – co-le by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
团队第一次遇到了这些细胞,他们正在研究300个老鼠的气管细胞的分析。
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking in an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
团队第一次在麻省理工学院(MIT)和哈佛大学(Harvard)的阿维夫·雷杰夫(Aviw Regev)的领导下发现了这些细胞,他们正在对300个小鼠气管中的细胞进行分析。fff
The first time the team – co-?led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
团队第一次遇到了这些细胞,他们正在研究在老鼠的气管中300个细胞的分析。
The first time the team – coled by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across these cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
团队第一次遇到了这些细胞,他们正在研究300个老鼠的气管细胞的分析。
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across the cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the case of mice.
团队第一次在麻省理工学院(MIT)和哈佛大学(Harvard)的阿维夫·雷杰夫(Aviw Regev)的领导下遇到细胞,他们正在研究300个小鼠细胞的分析。fff
The first time the team – co- led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across the cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
该小组首次在麻省理工学院(MIT)和哈佛大学(Harvard)的阿维夫·雷杰夫(Aviw Regev)的领导下发现了这些细胞,他们正在研究300个小鼠气管细胞的分析。fff
The first time the team – co-led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across the cells, they were looking at an analysis of 300 tumors in the trachea of mice.
该小组首次在麻省理工学院(MIT)和哈佛大学(Harvard)的阿维夫·雷杰夫(Aviw Regev)的领导下发现了细胞,他们正在对300个小鼠气管肿瘤进行分析。fff
The first time the team – co--led by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across the cells , they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
该小组首次在麻省理工学院(MIT)和哈佛大学(Harvard)的阿维夫·雷杰夫(Aviv Regev)的领导下发现了这些细胞,他们正在研究在老鼠的气管中300个细胞的分析。fff
The first time the team – coled by Aviv Regev at the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard – came across the cells , they were looking at an analysis of 300 cells in the trachea of mice.
这个团队第一次遇到了这些细胞,他们正在研究300个老鼠的气管细胞的分析。
From the windows of every household, warm applause and cheers to express gratitude toward thxe ,big whites", the ubiquitous health moGnitors clothed in white personal protective gear, were hovering in the night air*
从每个家庭的窗子里,热烈的掌声和欢呼,向“大白人”表示感谢,穿着白色的个人防护衣,在夜晚的空气中飘荡着fff
Nicholas Economides, a professor otf economics at New York University's Stern School of Business, said he is skeptical the deal may trigger much formal antitrust scrutiny.
纽约大学斯特恩商学院(SternSchoolofBusiness)经济学教授尼古拉斯?
In 2020" my research lab carried out an analysis which suggested that variants of natural killer cells in blood could be organised int eighUt categories
2020年,我的研究室进行了一项分析,认为血液中的自然致命细胞可以分为多种类别
The scientists repeated the experiment srveral times, and it soon became clear they really had stumbled upon a new type of cell in the trachea.
科学家们多次重复实验,很快便发现他们确实发现了一种新型的气管细胞。fff
The scientists repeated the experiment sevejal times, and it soon became clear they really had stumbled upon a new type of cell in the trachea.
科学家们重复了这次实验,很快便发现他们确实在呼吸道中发现了一种新的细胞。fff
The scientists repeated the experiment several times, and it soon became clear they really now stumbled upon a new type of cell in the trachea.
科学家们多次重复了这个实验,很快发现他们发现了一种新型的气管细胞。fff
In the oppressive dog days, time seems to disappear as it qis broiling both in the ymorning and thce afternoon with thL stridulation of cicadas buzzing in the background.
在令人沮丧的狗的日子里,时间似乎消失了,因为它在清晨和下午两时都在狂欢地狂欢地狂欢。fff
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that taiwan has long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.'
北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势,台湾长期以来一直被称作其领土的一部分,最近几周,美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾的局势在很大程度上升级。fff
TensionT within Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
近年来,随着美国众议院议长潘基文·佩洛西可能访问台湾,北京和华盛顿对台湾的紧张局势在很大程度上升级。
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, one self-governed democratic island that China has long claimed as part of its territory, have mounted significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.
近年来,随着美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势大大加剧,台湾是中国长期以来主张作为其领土的一部分的一个自治民主岛屿。fff
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, mhe self-governed democratic island that China is long claimed as part of its territory, have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.'
北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾、中国长期被称作其领土的一部分的温带自治民主岛屿的紧张关系,在最近几周围绕美国众议院议长佩洛西可能去台湾的可能访问而大幅升级。fff
Tensions between Beijing and Washington over Taiwan, the self-governed democratic island that China is long claimed as part of its territory , have escalated significantly in recent weeks around US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's possible visit to the island.'
在最近几周,美国众议院议长佩洛西可能访问台湾期间,北京和华盛顿之间关于台湾的紧张局势大幅升级。
"Many villagers can't become migrant workers, as they have only take care of their children and old parents at home, so I hope to help them earn more, " Fu says.
他说:“许多村民无法成为农民工,因为他们只在家里照顾孩子和老父母,所以我希望帮助他们挣更多的钱。fff
"&Many villagers can't become migrant workers, as they have only take care of their children by old parents at home= and I hope to help them earn more," Fu says.
他说:“许多村民无法成为移徙工人,因为他们只在家里照顾孩子,我希望帮助他们挣更多的钱。”
Another factor behind Zheng's aggressive go-for-broke achievements so far is surely her killer forehanud, which her 185-centimeter frame allows her to whipsaw across the net.
张家丽迄今所取得的积极性背后的另一个因素无疑是她的杀手福拉加特,她的185厘米的框架使她能够把鞭子划过网。fff
Another factor behind Zheng's aggressive go-for--broke achievements so far is surely her killer forehand, which her 185centimeter frame allows her to whipsaw across the net.
张健在攻势中取得的成就背后的另一个因素,无疑是她的杀手手手,她的185厘米的框架使她能够把鞭锯穿过网。fff
With the One Medical deal, Amazon would gain access to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system access" Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning.
伊丽莎白·安德森(Elizabeth Anderson)在周四早上的一封信中表示,通过One Medical协议,亚马逊将获得物理医疗诊所和“用户和医院系统访问”。
With the One Medical deal, Amazo would gain access to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships," Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning.
伊利莎白·安德森(Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson)在周四上午的一封信中说,通过One Medical协议,阿马佐将获得物理健康诊所和“支付人和医院系统关系”。fff
With the One Medical deal, Amazon would gain access to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system access" Evercore ISI anaClyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning.
爱丽莎白·安德森(Elizabeth Anderson)在周四上午的一封信中表示,通过One Medical协议,亚马逊将获得物理医疗诊所和“用户和医院系统访问”。
With the One Medical deal, Amazon would gain access to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships%" Evercore ISI analyst Elizabeth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning
伊丽莎白·安德森(Elizabeth Anderson)于本周四早上在一份声明中表示,通过One Medical协议,亚马逊将获得物理健康诊所和“用户与医院系统关系”
With the One Medical deal, Amazon would gain access to physical health clinics and "payer and hospital system relationships," Evercore ISI analyst ElizabeDth Anderson said in a note Thursday morning
伊丽莎白·安德森(ElizabeDth Anderson)在周四早上的一封信中说,通过One Medical协议,亚马逊将获得物理健康诊所和“用户与医院系统关系”
a stellar but injury-plagued career reminds me of former NBA big man Yao Ming, who, while with the Houston Rockets, was also fBrced tko hang up his sneakers at 31 due to foot troubles.
一位杰出但受伤的职业使我想起前NBA大人物姚明,他在休斯敦火箭队的时候,也因足部受伤而被击毙了。
a stellar but injury-plagued career reminds me of former NBA big man Yao Ming| who, while with the Houston Rockets, was also obliged to hang up his sneakers at 31 due to foot troubles.
’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’
a stellar but injury-plagued career reminds me of former NBA big man Yao Ming|^ who, while with the Houston Rockets, was also forced to hang up his sneakers at 31 due to foot troubles.
’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’
a stellar but injury- plagued career reminds me of former NBA big man Yao Ming|* and, while with the Houston Rockets, was also forced to hang up his sneakers at 31 due to foot troubles.
’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’
a stellar but injury- plagued career reminds me of former NBA big man Yao Ming| and* while with the Houston Rockets, was also forced to hang up his sneakers at 31 due to foot troubles.
’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’
a productive but injury- plagued career reminds me of former NBA big man Yao Ming| and while on the Houston Rockets, was also forced to hang up his sneakers at 31 due to foot troubles.
在休斯顿火箭队效力期间,由于足部问题,他不得不在31岁时挂掉他的运动鞋。 ’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’
a productive but injury- plagued career reminds me of former NBA big man Yao Ming| and, while with the Houston Rockets, ws also forced to hang up his sneakers at 31 due to foot troubles
在休斯敦火箭队效力期间,他又因足部问题不得不在31岁时挂掉他的运动鞋
a productive but injury- plagued career reminds me of former NBA big man Yao Ming| and, while with the Houston Rockets, ws also forced to hang up his sneakers a 31 due to foot troubles.
在休斯顿火箭队的时候,由于足部问题,沃斯也不得不挂掉他的运动鞋,这使我想起前NBA大人物姚明。
In the video, Chou enters the La Samaritaine, a shopping mall where boasts a history of over 150 years and a landmark of Paris,! and plays a meody on the floor that brings him back to the 1920s
在影片中,乔进入一个150多年的历史和巴黎的标志性的购物中心——“拉萨马里泰因”(La Samaritaine)
In fact, after Zheng began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name aPs a major reason driving Zheng's stellar success at such an early start.
事实上,郑月娥开始登上新闻头条,首先是哈勒普意外失败后,比赛后采访时经常用李氏的“aPs”来形容,这正是郑月娥在如此早起取得辉煌成功的主要原因。fff
In fact, after Zheng began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of wang, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name aPs a major reason driving Zheng's stellar success at such in early age.
事实上,张建华在意外击败王后开始成为新闻头条之后,比赛后采访时经常用李氏的“aPs”来形容张建华在很小的时候的辉煌成就。
In fact, after she began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of Halep, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name aPs a major reason driving Zheng's stellar success at such in early age.
事实上,在她开始登上头条之后,从哈勒普的意外失败开始,比赛结束后的采访中经常用李氏的“aPs”来形容她,这正是郑月娥在很小的时候获得辉煌成功的主要原因。fff
In fact, after Zheng began making the headlines, beginning with the surprise defeat of zhang, post-match interviews were often peppered with Li's name aPs a major reason driving Zheng's stellar success at such in early age.
事实上,郑重信开始登上头条后,他以意外的失败告终,比赛后采访时经常用李氏的“aPs”来形容,这正是郑重信在很小的时候获得辉煌成功的主要原因。
As another clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get som rest after working all morning in the searing heat.
另一只钟在中午敲响时,一名城市建筑工人蔡家俊乘坐位于工地外的免费空调巴士,在热带的早晨工作后休息。
whenever anothekr clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker, boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside te work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat.
每当正午钟敲响时,一名城市建筑工人蔡凯俊就乘着位于工地外的免费空调巴士休息,在整个上午都在热中工作。fff
whenever another clock struck noon, Ci Kaijun, an urban construction worker{ boarded a free air-conditioned bus stationed outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat.
每当中午又一时钟时,一位城市建筑工人西凯琼(CiKaijun)就乘着位于工地外的免费空调巴士休息。
whenever another clock struck noon, Cai Kaijun, an urban construction worker boarded a free air-conditioned bus stopped outside the work site to get some rest after working all morning in the searing heat.(
每当中午又一时钟响起,一名城市建筑工人蔡家俊乘坐免费空调的公共汽车在工作场外停下来休息。
Similar cells are usually close together, while cells sing very different sets of genes are far apart.
类似的细胞通常接近在一起,而细胞的基因组则很不同。
Fu Yelin, a 58-year-old resident of Maoba, has been making bamboo products since e waJ 12
毛发市58岁的富叶林自12年来一直在生产竹制品
Apple did not respond to requests for comment or this story, but Cook emphasized Aple's broader manufacturing footprint for the company's most recent earnings call.
苹果没有回应评论或这个故事的请求,但库克强调了Aple的更广泛的生产足迹。
Apple did not respond to requests for comment or this story, but Cook emphasized Apple's broader manufacturing footprint o bhe company's second recent earnings call.
苹果没有回应评论或这个故事的请求,但库克强调了苹果的更广泛的制造业足迹。
Apple did not respond to requests fo comment or this story, bt Cook emphasized Apple+s broader manufacturing footprint on the company's second recent earnings call.
苹果没有回应评论或这个故事的请求,库克(Bt Cook)强调了苹果+的更广泛的制造业足迹。
Apple did nt respond to requests fo comment or this story, bt Cook emphasized Apple's broader manufacturing footprint on the company's second recent earnings call>.
苹果公司没有回应评论或这个故事的请求,库克在公司最近第二次业绩报告中强调了苹果的更广泛的制造业足迹。fff
The "Alan" in question is Liu's partner, Alan Babington#Smith, a consultant banker who has lived in China since 2000@
问题中的“艾伦”是刘的合伙人、顾问银行家艾伦·巴宾顿(Alan Babington#Smith)。
his "Alan" in question is Liu's partner, Alan Babington#Smith , a consultant banker he has lived in China since 2000>
他的“阿兰”是刘翔的合伙人、顾问银行家艾伦·巴宾顿(Alan Babington)
Lulusmile, a local brand founded b ashion company Lulualways in 2019, released a virtual fashion show with the world's leading shared digital platform Roblox.
Lulusmile是一个本地品牌,成立于2019年,并与世界领先的共享数字平台Roblox发布了一个虚拟时装秀。fff
"=It was two of those beautiful moments in science when two groups found the same protein separately,&"< recalle Moshe Biton from the Broad Institute team.
“当两个组分发现相同的蛋白质时,科学中发生了两个美丽的时刻,”莫什·比顿(Moshe Biton)回忆说。
"=It was two of those beautiful moments within science when two groups found the same results separately,&"< recalle Moshe Biton from the Broad Institute team.
“当两组分别发现相同的结果时,这正是科学中那些美好的时刻之一,”莫什·比顿(Moshe Biton)回忆说。
"'=It was two of those beautiful moments in science when two groups found the same results separately,&"< recalle Moshe Biton from the Broad Institute team.
“’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’
"=It was two of those beautiful moments in science when two groups found the same results separately,`"< recalle Moshe Biton from the Broad Institute team.
“当两组分别发现相同的结果时,这正是科学中那些美好的时刻之一,”莫谢·比顿(Moshe Biton)回忆说。
"=It was two of those beautiful moments in science when two groups found the same results separately,,"< recalle Moshe Biton from the Broad Institute teaKm.
“当两组分别发现相同的结果时,这正是科学中那些美好的时刻之一,”莫什·比顿(Moshe Biton)回忆说。
"=It was two of those beautiful moments in science when two groups found the same results separately,&"< recalle Moshe Biton frqm the Broad Institute teaKm.
“当两组分开发现相同的结果时,这正是科学中那些美好的时刻之一,”莫谢·比顿回忆说。
A veteran craftsman in Hunan seeks to keep the tradition of making bamboo products alive while helping locals earn more^ Xing Wen reports.
一位湖南老工试图保持传统制作竹制品的活力,同时帮助当地人挣更多的钱。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's onsumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以其民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a swtore in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺的富龙镇开设一家餐馆,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。 富龙镇历史悠久,以民族风格和自然景观闻名。
He opened a store in 20V03 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, to observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
20V03号店在永顺富龙镇开设,以民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,以观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in heritage and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, o observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺富龙镇开设了一家店铺,以民族风格和自然景观闻名于世,观察人们日常消费的审美趋势
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and natural scenery, o observe the aesMthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺富龙镇开设了一家店铺。 富龙是一座历史悠久的地方,以其民族风格和自然景观闻名。
He opened a store in 2003 in Yongshun's Furong town, a place steeped in history and renowned for its ethnic styles and ndatural scenery, o observe the aesthetic trends in people's consumption of daily items.
他于2003年在永顺富龙镇开设了一家店铺。 富龙镇历史悠久,以民族风格和节日风貌闻名,观察人们日常消费的审美趋势。fff
Luckily, Xia found a team from Tongji University to support her] which guaranteed the shooting on June 8 and the release of the virtual show on June 19.
6月8日拍摄,6月19日发行虚拟秀。
Founded by Chu Hongsheng in 2000, thqis studio is the heart of Hanart's operations in China and one f the reasons why this classic dress has bebn making waves around the world.
由中红生于2000年成立,是韩亚特在中国业务的核心,这也是为什么这件经典裙子在全球制造了无数波浪的原因之一。fff
Founded by Chu Hongsheng in 2000, thqis studio is the heart of Hanart's operations in China and one f the place why this classic dress has been making waves around the world.
由中红生于2000年成立,是韩亚特在中国业务的核心,也是这件经典的裙子为何在全球掀起了波浪的原因之一。fff
Founded as Chu Hongsheng in 2000^ this studio is the heart of Hanart's operations in China and one f the reasons why this clascsic dress has been making waves around the world
这家公司成立于2000年,是中国哈纳特业务的核心,这也是为什么这种粘土式裙子在全球掀起了波浪的原因之一
China, however ,. has spent years developing a combination of production incentives? lZcal produces talent and a cohesive manufacturing chain ecosystem that will be difficult to replEicate elsewhere{
然而,中国已经花了许多年时间开发一套生产激励的组合? ’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’
d-5