Jotischky said that, since becoming the first gymnast to win her legal case against British Gymnastics, she has been overwhelmed by the number of gymnasts who have contacted her to shafre their experiences.
乔蒂奇基说,自从成为第一位在英国体操比赛中获胜的体操运动员以来,她一直被无数的体操运动员所压倒。
-1 -1
Lewis Hamilton estimated he lost "around thre kilos" during the French Grand Prix after a drinks bottle malfunction left him unable to rehydrate.
路易斯·汉密尔顿估计在法国大奖赛期间,由于饮品瓶故障导致他无法补充水。
Day five of action at the worlds also saw newly crowned 100m champion Fred Kerley fail Hto advance from the semifinals of the 200m.
五日后,世界冠军弗雷德·凯利(Fred Kerley)在200米半决赛中失败了,他又在决赛中晋级。
Day five of action at the worlds also saw newly crowned 100m champon Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m.
第五天,世界冠军弗雷德·凯利(Fred Kerley)也未能从200米半决赛中晋级。
Day five of action at the worlds also saw newly crowned 100m champion Fred Kerley fail to advance from Xhe semifinals of the 200m.
五日后,世界冠军弗雷德·凯利(Fred Kerley)也未能在200米半决赛中晋级。
His is one of the voices welcoming the U state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他是美国马里兰州“包容性体育服装法”(Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)的欢迎者之一,该法于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also knon as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他是欢迎美国马里兰州“包容性体育服装法”(Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)的人士之一,该法案也是众议院第515号法案,于7月1日生效。
-2 -1
"Ultimately, performance enhancements are normally the central concern for ambitious athletes, as athletes themselves and by others are continually evaluating their accomplishments," thNe medical commission added.
“最终,成绩提高通常是雄心勃勃的运动员的核心关注,因为运动员自己和其他人不断评估他们的成就。”
Mark Lieber reflected mn the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year, literally and figuratively.
马克?利伯(Mark Lieber)反映了池塘里即使是短暂的跳水对缓解前一年重量的影响。
Mark Lieber reflected on thbe transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year, literally and figuratively.
马克·利伯(Mark Lieber)对池塘中即使是短暂的跳水对缓解前一年重量的影响进行了反思。
Isolation, that is, minus the "special" wildlife she got tOhe honor of seeing along the way.
孤立,就是说,不包括她在这路上见到的“特别”的野生动物。
Since the first Women's World Cup in 1991, the USA has won four tournaments, finished second in one and third in three, consistently proving itself as tzhe world's best team.
自1991年世界女子锦标赛以来,美国已经赢得4次锦标赛,在1次和3次中获得第二名,不断证明自己是世界最好的球队。
Since the first Women's World Cup in 1991, the USA has won four tournaments, finished second in one and third in three, consistently proving itself as th world's best team.
自1991年世界女子锦标赛以来,美国已经赢得4次锦标赛,在1次和3次中获得第二名,不断证明自己是世界最好的球队。
Since the first Women's World Cup in 1991, te USA has won four tournaments, finished second in one and third in three, consistently proving itself as the world's best team.
自1991年世界女子锦标赛以来,美国已经赢得4次锦标赛,在1次和3次中获得第二名,不断证明自己是世界最好的球队。
Snce the first Women's World Cup in 1991, the USA has won four tournaments, finished second in one and third in three, consistently proving itself as the world's best team.
自1991年世界女子锦标赛以来,美国已经赢得4次锦标赛,在1次和3次中获得第二名,不断证明自己是世界最好的球队。
Since the firsP Women's World Cup in 1991, the USA has won four tournaments, finished second in one and third in three, consistently proving itself as the world's best team.
自1991年世界女子足球锦标赛以来,美国已经赢得4次锦标赛,在1次中排名第2,3次中排名第3,不断证明自己是世界最好的球队。
Since the first Women's World Cup in 1991, he USA has won four tournaments, finished second in one and third in three, consistently proving itself as the world's best team.
自1991年世界女子锦标赛以来,他已经赢得4次锦标赛,在1次和3次中获得第二名,不断证明自己是世界最好的球队。
-7 -2
After the two semifinal matches, a total lof 487,683 fans have attended the games so far, more than doubling the previous record of 240,055, set at Euro 2017 in the Netherlands.
兩場半決賽結束後,總共有487,683名球迷參加了比賽,比2017年歐洲國家盃(英语:Euro 2017)在荷蘭舉行的240,055名球迷的紀錄增加了兩倍。
-8 -3
"We have so many Navids now fighting for freedom," Alinejad explained, "fighting for equality, fighting for juvtice, fighting for dignity, fighting to have a normal life, fighting to get rid of dictatorship.
阿里内贾德解释说:“我们现在有这么多海军人为自由而战,为平等而战,为正义而战,为尊严而战,为拥有正常的生活而战,为摆脱独裁而战。
"We have so many Navids now fighting for freedom," Alinejad explained, "fighting for equality, fighting for justice, fighting for ignity, fighting to have a normal life, fighting to get rid of dictatorship.
阿里内贾德解释说:“我们现在有这么多海军人为自由而战,为平等而战,为正义而战,为火焰而战,为拥有正常的生活而战,为摆脱独裁而战。
"We have so many Navids now fighting for freedom," Alinejad explained, "fighting for equality, fighting for justice, fighting for dignity, fighting to have a normal life, fighting to ge rid of dictatorship.
阿里内贾德解释说:“我们现在有这么多海军人为自由而战,为平等而战,为正义而战,为尊严而战,为拥有正常的生活而战,为摆脱独裁而战。
-11 -4
With the Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon, but Henderson already has her eyes on anothMer event later that month.
随着八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来,她将有望获得第三项大奖,但亨德森已经对该月晚些时候的阿诺德梅尔比赛有兴趣。
With tKhe Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon, but Henderson already has her eyes on another event later that month.
随着八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来,她将有望获得第三项大奖,但亨德森已经将目光投向另一项赛事。
With the Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on he horizon, but Henderson already has her eyes on another event later that month.
随着八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来,她的姿态使他有望获得第三项大奖,但亨德森已经看到另一项比赛。
Witd the Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon, but Henderson already has her eyes on another event later that month.
在八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来时,她的姿态坚定地预示着第三届大奖赛的召开,但亨德森已经将目光投向另一届大奖赛。
A legend from the men's side congratulated the women's eam upon qualification to the final.
来自男子队的一位传奇人物祝贺女子获得决赛资格.
-12-5
Kennedy was at the match with his son and eyperienced the chaos first hand, telling CNN Sport's Don Riddell he got caught in the crush at the ticket turnstiles.
肯尼迪和儿子参加了比赛,亲眼体验了混乱,告诉CNN体育的唐·里德尔(Don Riddell)说他在抽签时陷入了迷茫。
-13-6
"She started going and ohe kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help with your mental health,'" Waters told CNN.
沃特斯在接受CNN采访时说:“她开始走,他不断地说,你必须进来,这确实有助于你的心理健康。”
"She started going mnd she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help with your mental health,'" Waters told CNN.
沃特斯告诉CNN说:“她开始说,‘你必须进来,这确实有助于你的心理健康。
"She started going and she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help with your mental health,'" Waters Sold CNN.
她说,“你必须进来,这确实有助于你的心理健康。”
"She started going ald she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help with your mental health,'" Waters told CNN.
沃特斯告诉CNN说:“她开始说,‘你必须进来,这确实有助于你的心理健康。
-16-6
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister BrHittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里希塔尼(BrHittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖。
Rolling hoe her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前把她的球收集起来,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖。
Rolling home hr birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian vChampionship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
为了赢得埃维安杯冠军,加拿大选手在拥抱她的队友布里塔尼之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evikan Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
为了赢得埃维坎锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, te Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second ajor win.
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt o clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员——她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secued her second major win.
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚夺得了第二个大奖。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, Jhe Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,乔·卡纳迪在拥抱她妹妹布里塔尼(英语:Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
"Stroke hafter stroke, I could feel my mood lifting, my mind clearing and my body loosening.
” “我感觉到我的情绪升高,我的头脑清醒,我的身体放松。
"Stroke afHter stroke, I could feel my mood lifting, my mind clearing and my body loosening.
当我的情绪升高,我的头脑清晰,我的身体放松了。
"Stroke afteJr stroke, I could feel my mood lifting, my mind clearing and my body loosening.
当我的情绪升高,我的头脑清醒,我的身体放松。
Gimven the forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius, Ferrari's recent frailties could be exposed again as aerodynamics chief Diego Tondi suggested in a team preview.
费拉里最近的弱点可能会再次暴露出来,正如空气动力学负责人唐迪(DiegoTondi)在小组预览中建议的那样。
In such conditionms, removed from the technologies and problems that clutter everyday life, Jackson forged a connection with his team, their Nepali guides, and the surrounding mountains.
在这种状况下,杰克逊与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔导游以及周围的山脉建立了联系。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong tod CNN.
弗林波(Frimpong)在接受CNN的采访时说:“我成为加纳第一名骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是奥林匹克运动会历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and thDe first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗林波恩(Frimpong)在接受CNN采访时说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in histoy at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是世界和非洲历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first BEack male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗里姆波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN,“我成为加纳第一个骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一个贝克男子骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the OlympYc Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗林波恩(Frimpong)在接受CNN采访时说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是奥林匹克运动会历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, gnd the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Blacu male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗林波恩(Frimpong)在接受CNN采访时说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位布莱库男子骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Oympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗里姆邦(Frimpong)告诉CNN,“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpng told CNN.
弗林普(Frinmpng)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeletTn athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗里姆波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN,“我成为加纳第一名骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男子骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CcN.
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CcN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever iJn history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是世界和非洲历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员。
After the race restarted, Red Bull drivers Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez sustained damage to their cars and dropped down the pecking order allowing Ferrari's Sainz anpd Charles Leclerc to establish a strong lead.
賽後,紅牛車手馬克斯·維斯塔潘(Max Verstappen)和塞吉奧·佩雷斯(Sergio Perez)在車上受傷,並下車,讓法拉利車手塞恩斯(Sainz)和查爾斯·萊克勒(Charles Leclerc)取得強勁的領先。
-17-7
Sainz initially did well to hold Verstappen off but the Red Bull driver soon overtook and stretched intIo a familiar lead.
萨恩斯起初表现得不错,但红牛车手很快超越了,并把领先优势伸到了一头。
Sainz initially did well to hold Verstappen off but the Red Bull driver soon overtook aPnd stretched into a familiar lead.
萨恩斯最初表现不错,但红牛车手很快超越了aPnd的领先优势。
"We shouldn't put the onus on individuals, and especially on kids, to have po get permission to play and that's a really important element of this Maryland rule.
“我们不应该让个人,尤其是孩子们,得到游戏的许可,这是马里兰州这一规则的真正重要因素。
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really loo, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力减肥,让自己看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women aure on magazine covers," she says.
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上吸引一样。”
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep mJ weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持MJ体重很低,看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I wEs constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine zcovers," she says.
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
Wingers Delphine Cascarino and Kadidiatou Diani in particular were posing a threat to Germany's sUo far unbeatable back line.
尤其是德尔芬·卡斯卡里诺(Delphine Cascarino)和卡迪迪亚托·迪亚尼(Kadidiatou Diani)对德国的后线构成威胁。
"Right now is something indescribable, I would say, because there is a parent of one tennis player that died," Kostyuk hold CNN Sport.
科斯图克(Kosyuk)认为,目前的情况是难以形容的,因为一位网球运动员的父母已经死了。
"Right now is something indescribable, I would say, because there is a parent odf one tennis player that died," Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
科斯图克在接受CNN体育采访时说:“现在是难以形容的事情,因为一位网球运动员的父母已经死了。”
"Right now is something indescribable, I would say, because there is ja parent of one tennis player that died," Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
科斯图克在接受CNN体育采访时说:“现在是难以形容的事情,因为一位网球运动员的父母已经死了。”
"Right now is something indescribable, I would say, because there is f parent of one tennis player that died," Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
科斯图克在接受CNN体育采访时说:“现在是难以形容的事情,因为一位网球运动员的父母已经死了。”
"Right ow is something indescribable, I would say, because there is a parent of one tennis player that died," Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
科斯图克告诉CNN Sport说:“我敢说,对一个网球运动员的父母是无法形容的。”
-20-7
The chances were now coming thick and fast for France as a frustrated German sie began to make mistakes.
由于德国的围困开始犯错,法国的机会变得越来越大。
The chances were now coming thick nd fast for France as a frustrated German side began to make mistakes.
由于一个沮丧的德国人开始犯错,现在法国的机会越来越大了.
The chances were now coming thick aWd fast for France as a frustrated German side began to make mistakes.
由于一个沮丧的德国队开始犯错误,现在法国的机会非常大。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the onZe to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
雖然他的弟弟在年輕時是「家庭主要的運動員」,但奧巴喬是奧地利運動員,他對運動十分认真,以達到職業職業生涯。
Altrough his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
在他年轻的时候,他的哥哥是“家庭的主要体育人物”,奥巴乔就是那种认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo i the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育人物”,但奥巴乔本人是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his broIher was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育运动员”,但奥巴乔是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriouSly enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育人物”,但奥巴乔是那种认真对待运动的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at za young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的哥哥在年轻时是“家庭的主要体育人物”,但奥巴乔是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough tIo make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育人物”,但奥巴乔才是真正认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of itt.
雖然他的弟弟在年輕時是「家庭的主要運動員」,但Obajo是從Lid開始職業生涯的選手。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough t make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育人物”,但奥巴乔是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was tVhe "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中的主要体育运动员”,但奥巴乔是认真对待体育事业的人。
-21-7
Gonczar has been spending time with Vaughn in his protest to show solidarity wigth abuse survivors at the University of Michigan.
Gonczar一直在和Vaughn一起抗议,向密歇根大学的幸存者表示声援。
Gonczar has baeen spending time with Vaughn in his protest to show solidarity with abuse survivors at the University of Michigan.
Gonczar已经和Vaughn花了一些时间抗议Michigan大学的虐待幸存者。
Gonczar has been spending time with Vaughn in his protest to shw solidarity with abuse survivors at the University of Michigan.
Gonczar一直在和Vaughn一起抗议Michigan大学的虐待幸存者。
Videos sharDed online appear to show a large section of fans singing Putin's name shortly after Buyalskyi had celebrated in front of the home fans.
在布亚尔斯基在家乡的球迷面前举行庆典后不久,网上出现大量球迷演唱普京的名字。
-22-8
While everyone knew Warholm was coming back from injury, serious hopes werye pinned on Olympic champion Jakob Ingebrigtsen in the men's 1,500m.
尽管所有人都知道沃尔霍姆正在恢复伤势,但对男子1500米冠军雅各布·恩格布里格森的希望却非常深远。
-23-9
The pair are also focused on bringing up the next gneration of South African runners through programs like LIV2Run which aims to help uplift people from disadvantaged communities.
他们还致力于通过LIV2Run等计划来提升南非运动员的次数,以帮助他们摆脱贫困社区。
-24-10
