An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures the Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from shang, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and shang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,展览会将持续至9月15日。
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai folk Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
上海民俗博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
An installation titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,展览会将持续至9月15日。
An exhibition titled Infinite Like this – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,展览会将持续至9月15日。
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – excerpts from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, late Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,为期9月15日。
An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens with Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
上海丰仙博物馆于7月15日开幕,展览会将持续至9月15日。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, comprised of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in september 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony orchestras is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphonic orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and diverse symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最具活力和多样性交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one in China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing many countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲的许多国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries across regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四个大陆的18个国家的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians throughout 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家的和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony symphony is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and dynamic symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最富有活力的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in november 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony groups, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four countries.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自4个国家的18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed among musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of soloists representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的独奏者组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most advanced and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最先进的和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, constituted of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians of 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家的和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most renowned and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最著名的、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four states.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四国18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing numerous countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲众多国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of conductors representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的指挥家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most ambitious and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最雄心勃勃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest chamber orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的室内乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and coming from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由18个国家的音乐家组成,来自4个大陆。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians in 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家的和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of students representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃和最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的学生组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composing of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
苏州交响乐团是中国最活跃、最年轻的交响乐团之一,由来自四洲18个国家和地区的音乐家组成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of China's four dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
蘇州交響樂團(Suzhou Symphony Orchestra)是中國四大交響樂團之一,由來自四大陸的18個國家和地區的音樂家組成。
Inaugurated in December 2016, Suzhou Symphony Orchestra is one of his most dynamic and youngest symphony orchestras, composed of musicians representing 18 countries and regions from four continents.
蘇州交響樂團(Suzhou Symphony Orchestra)是蘇州最年輕的交響樂團之一,由來自四大陸18個國家和地區的音樂家組成。
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the foundation to establish a Beijing branch of his music school, Chen Nan reports.
陈南说,钢琴演奏家朗朗宣布与基金会合作,成立北京音乐学校。
chinese virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA to establish a Beijing branch of his music school, Chen Nan reports.
中国 virtuoso朗朗宣布与NCPA合作,成立北京音乐学校。
Piano virtuoso Lang Lang announces collaboration with the NCPA should establish a Beijing branch of his music school, Chen Nan reports.
陈南说,钢琴演奏家朗朗宣布与全国音乐会合作,成立北京音乐学校分校。
At the start of the book, the lead character, anthropology Professor Huang Bai from Lengshan University, is confronted with her problem.
-2
本书开始时,主角黄白教授(Longshan University)正面临着她的难题。
At the start of the book, the lead character, anthropology Professor Huang Bai from Lengshan University, got confronted with a problem.
本书开始时,主角黄白教授(Longshan University)面临了一个问题。
"It may be a bit early to celebrate, for I want to take the opportunity to inspire the company's younger choreographers."
我想借此机会激励公司年轻的舞蹈家。
"It may be a bit early to celebrate, but they want to take the opportunity to inspire the company's younger choreographers."
他们希望借此机会激励公司年轻的舞蹈家。
he literally means "paintings around bed", with kang being the name of a type of heated bed in the local dialect.
在当地方言中,康是加热床的一种类型。
Kangweihua literally means all around bed", with kang being the name of a type of heated bed in the local dialect.
Kangweihua在当地方言中是加热床的一种类型。
What's more, anthropology is an inclusive discipline, so anthropologists know a lot of different things, ranging from a minority language like Africa to history, geology or paleontology," he says.
此外,人类学是一个包容性学科,因此人类学家知道很多不同的东西,从非洲的少数语言到历史、地质学或古生物学。
-3 -1
The two concerts were produced by the Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center, a music art institution launched by the eponymous conductor in Xiamen this year.
两场音乐会是由张晓英歌剧院(Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center)制作的。
The two concerts were produced by the Zheng Xiaoying Opera Center, a new art institution launched by the eponymous conductor in Xiamen one year.
两场音乐会是由张晓英歌剧院制作的,是张晓英在厦门成立的新艺术机构。
Choreographer Fei Bo will celebrate his 20th anniversary in the job with a series of his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday.
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将周二和周三表演他的一系列作品,庆祝他的20周年。
Choreographer Fei Bo will celebrate his 20th anniversary upon the job with a selection of his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday.
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将于周二和周三举行演出,由舞蹈家菲博(Fei Bo)庆祝他的20岁生日。
Choreographer Fei Bo will celebrate his 20th birthday in the job with a selection of his creations being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday.
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将周二和周三表演他的作品,庆祝他的20岁生日。
Choreographer Fei Bo will celebrate his 20th anniversary in the job with a selection of his ballet being performed at Tianqiao Theater in Beijing on Tuesday and Wednesday.
北京天桥剧院(Tianqiao Theater)将周二和周三表演他的芭蕾舞作品,庆祝他的20岁生日。
Before his first China trip in 1976, he had already studied the Chinese language for six years and read three books about China.
在1976年首次到中国旅行之前,他已经学习了六年,读了三本书。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of his week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保他一周的其余时间都睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日重演。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep during rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我保证在周末休息时睡得好,因此我们没有7月1日重演。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades, but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, Xing said.
因此,过去几十年来,世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态,但有时也出现了一些危险的冲突和摩擦。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past months, but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, Xing said.
因此,过去几个月来,世界仍处于很大程度上和平状态,但有时也出现了一些危险的冲突和摩擦。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades, but sometimes dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, Xing said.
因此,过去几十年来,世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态,但有时有时会出现危险的冲突和摩擦。
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status over the past decades, yet some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, Xing said.
因此,过去几十年来,世界一直处于很大程度上和平状态,但有时也出现了一些危险的冲突和摩擦。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to maintain such an imagination." That aside, the group has worked hard.
他们没有接受过专业培训,维持这样的想象力是不容易的。
"None of them have received professional coaching, it is not easy to have such an imagination." That aside, the group has worked hard.
他们中没有一个人接受过专业的教练,拥有这样的想象力不容易。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." That aside, the group has worked hard.
他们没有接受过专业培训,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." That aside, the group has fallen hard.
他们没有接受过专业培训,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." That aside, the group has fought hard.
他们中没有一个人接受过专业训练,拥有这样的想象力是不容易的。
From 2019 to May 2022, Yuan wrote 30 articles trying to answer these questions from scientific data, which have been published recently as a book, Jiaoshou Yu Nianqingren , by Citic Press.
从2019年到2022年5月,袁世凯从科学数据中撰写了30篇文章,试图从科学数据中回答这些问题。
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays their first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head.
當另一位學生林齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬的第2號鋼琴協奏曲第3首曲目時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由舉起或降低頭部,演示了 crescendo和decrescendo。
When another student, Lin Zihan, completes the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head.
當另一位學生林齊漢完成貝多芬的鋼琴協奏曲第2作曲第3首曲時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由舉起或降低頭部,演示了 crescendo和decrescendo。
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 no 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head.
當另一位學生林齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬鋼琴協奏曲第2作曲第3首曲時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由舉起或降低頭部,演示了 crescendo和decrescendo。
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head.
當另一位學生林齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬鋼琴協奏曲第2作曲第3首曲時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由舉起或降低頭部,演示了 crescendo和decrescendo。
When another member, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head.
當另一位成員林·齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬的第2號鋼琴協奏曲第3首曲目時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由舉起或降低頭部,演示了 crescendo和decrescendo。
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, making crescendo and decrescendo by raising and lowering his head.
當另一位學生林齊漢(Lin Zihan)演奏貝多芬的鋼琴協奏曲第2作曲第3首曲時,朗站在鋼琴旁,藉由舉起或降低頭部,奏起尖峰和低峰。
-9 -1
A series of paintings about her mother's daily life, such as cooking in the kitchen, braiding children's hair and doing housework, are prominently displayed at the local cultural center in Tongxin county.
一系列关于母亲日常生活的画,如厨房烹饪、梳头、做家务等,在汤辛县的当地文化中心展出。
"As the waves move forward, the singing goes out smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
”他补充道:“随着波浪向前移动,歌唱会流畅地响起。”
"As the waves push forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
”他补充道:“随着波浪向前推进,歌唱也顺利地进行。”
"As the waves move forward, the melody goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
”他补充道:“随着波浪向前移动,旋律顺畅地沿着走。”
"As the waves move forward, the world goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
”他补充说,随着波浪向前移动,世界就会顺畅地前进。
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
这是一种民俗艺术,在20世纪60年代和70年代在天津的故乡、西北宁夏惠自治地区,非常流行。
Many times, to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages to paint pictures of natural scenery for her reference.
江的孙子多次到邻近的村庄散步,为她的参考画出自然景色的画。
Many times, to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks many distances to neighboring villages to take pictures of natural scenery for her reference.
江的孙子多次到邻近的村庄走来走去,为她的参考画出自然景色。
Many times, to take inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages to take pictures of natural scenery for her reference.
江的孙子多次到邻近的村庄去照相自然景象,以获取她的灵感。
Many times, to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks long distances to distant villages to take pictures of natural scenery for her reference.
江的孙子多次到遥远的村庄去照相自然景象,以此为灵感。
Many times, to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson went long distances to neighboring villages to take pictures of natural scenery for her reference.
江的孙子多次前往邻近的村庄,为她的参考拍摄自然景色。
Songs from popular Chinese operas were also performed, including The Red Guards on Honghu Lake, which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of socialist People's Republic of China.
中國歌劇的歌劇也演出,包括1959年在北京以紀念中國人民共和國成立10周年的《洪湖紅衛隊》(英语:The Red Guards on Honghu Lake)。
arias from popular Chinese operas were also performed, including The Red Guards on Honghu Lake, which premiered in Beijing in 1959 to mark the 10th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China.
还演唱了中国歌剧的歌词,包括1959年在北京庆祝中华人民共和国成立10周年的红卫队歌词。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze drifted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月,太阳在炎热的夏夜下落,一阵悠闲的微风飘过福建厦门的桂树岛的江泽湖海滩。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, the leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月,在炎热的夏夜里,阳光照耀着,从福建厦门出发的小渡船顺着Gulangyu岛的江泽湖海滩飘荡。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from shenzhen, Fujian province.
这个月,在炎热的夏夜里太阳下落时,从福建沈阳出发的小渡船顺着Gulangyu岛的江泽湖海滩飘荡着悠闲的风。
As the sun set on any hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月任何一个炎热的夏天晚上,随着太阳落下,从福建厦门的一条短途渡船,Gulangyu岛上的江泽湖海滩上飘荡着悠闲的微风。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, my province.
这个月,太阳在炎热的夏夜下落,一阵悠闲的微风飘过我的省厦门的Gulangyu岛上江泽湖海滩。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this year, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
今年夏天的一个炎热的夜晚,从福建厦门出发的小渡船顺着Gulangyu岛的江泽湖海滩飘荡着悠闲的微风。
As the sun set on a hot summer weekend this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
这个月,在炎热的夏季周末日落之际,从福建厦门出发的小渡船顺着Gulangyu岛的江泽湖海滩飘荡着悠闲的微风。
-16 -2
The painting, created by artist Chen Zhijie in Foshan, Guangdong province, portrays the outcome of mass nucleic acid testing in the provincial capital Guangzhou, and is included in his Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity series.
该画是由广东省佛山市艺术家陈志杰创作的,描绘了省首府广州的大规模核酸测试的结果。
The painting, created by artist Chen Zhijie in Foshan, Guangdong province, portrays the result of mass nucleic acid testing in the provincial capital Guangzhou, and is included in his Battling the Pandemic in Solidarity series.
该画是由广东省佛山市艺术家陈志杰创作的,描绘了省首府广州的大规模核酸测试的结果。
"It's something that we need to congratulate the leadership for delivering on the Chinese people and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement."
我们要向领导层表示祝贺,并希望我们都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
"It's something that we need to congratulate the americans for delivering for the Chinese people and hope that all of us can learn from that achievement."
我们要向美国人民表示祝贺,希望我们都能从这一成就中汲取教训。
Some folk artists tried to make good living by not only painting in temples but also painting for people in villages.
一些民间艺术家不仅在庙宇画,还为村民画,以谋生。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years, will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to dec.
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至12月12日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years, will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to oct.
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至8月13日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years, will have held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20.
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
The evening also featured classic arias from nine Western operas, such as carmen by French composer Georges Bizet, La Traviata, also by Verdi, and La Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
晚间还演奏了九部西方歌剧的古典歌词,如法国作曲家乔治·比塞的《马丁》(carmen)、意大利作曲家吉亚科莫·普切尼的《劳维亚塔》(La Traviata)和维尔迪的《波赫梅》(La Boheme)。
The evening also featured classic arias from nine Western operas, such as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet, La Traviata, also by strauss, and La Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
晚间还演奏了九首西方歌剧的古典歌词,如法国作曲家乔治·比塞的《卡门》、意大利作曲家吉亚科莫·普切尼的《波赫梅》。
The evening also featured classic arias from nine Western operas, such as Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet, La Traviata, also by verdi, and La Boheme by Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.
晚间还演奏了九首西方歌剧的古典歌词,如法国作曲家乔治·比塞的《卡门》、意大利作曲家吉亚科莫·普奇尼的《波赫梅》、维尔迪的《拉特维亚塔》。
-18 -2
There is much to find out about the city's history and eclectic culture including the ongoing 32nd Hong Kong Book Fair, and then some more, writes Gennady Oreshkin.
奥雷什金(Gennady Oreshkin)写道,关于香港历史和多元文化有很多事情,包括正在进行的第32届香港书展,还有其他一些事情。
-19 -3
"A total of 1,450 films from around the world be competing for the Tiantan Award this year, up 63 percent than last year.
他说:“今年,来自世界各地的1450部电影将与去年相比,增加63%。
"A total of 1,450 films from around the world are competing for the Tiantan Award this year, up 63 percent from last year.
他说:“今年,来自世界各地的1450部电影,比去年增加了63%。
