One of the major public clinics offering the vccine there had to shut down Tuesday when it ran out after vaccinating 600 people.
当地一家主要的公共诊所在接种600人后停产。
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak, San Francisco and New Ycrk state began sounding the alarm Thursday.
尽管联邦官员对全国范围内的公共卫生紧急声明进行了评估,但旧金山和新奇尔克州周四开始发出警报。
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around th monkeypox outbreak, San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday.
尽管联邦官员对全国范围内的公共卫生紧急声明进行了评估,但星期四,旧金山和纽约州开始发出警报。
While federal officials weigh  nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak, San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday.
联邦官员对全国范围内的公共卫生紧急声明进行了评估,周四,旧金山和纽约州开始发出警报。
-3 -1
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain yor swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛、肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breahing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、漏血、体重下降、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, mucle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
甲状腺炎的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、黏液或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pahn, disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle r joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
甲状腺炎的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉R关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, cIest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
甲状腺炎的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。
-9 -2
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians ulook at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress fdo as well," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会对这一主题的看法。
"Findings qby the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)表示:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by tThe National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)表示:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators ad Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构对国会的看法。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians lGok at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who wvas not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, wh was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was uot involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)表示:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by the National Academies ot only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who wao not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学院的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists ad physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by the Ntional Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学术院的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"They made me feel sEall; they made me feel stupid and embarrassed even just asking the question," she said at an April 2021 town hall, which was quoted in the report.
她在2021年4月的市政厅里说:“他们让我感到很傻,甚至连问这个问题也感到很尴尬。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public healCh emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
美国卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra ) 周四说,在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测对麻疹的反应,并将考虑是否宣布麻疹爆发为公共医疗紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use tht to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
美国卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测对麻疹的反应,并会考虑是否宣布麻疹爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether xto declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否宣布疫情爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government ies continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,在华盛顿,联邦政府将继续监测猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox lnd will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
美国卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测对麻疹的反应,并将考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare te outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
美国卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra ) 周四说,美国联邦政府继续监测猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否宣布疫情爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra sai Thursday.
美国卫生部部长贝塞拉周四说,在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use tha to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whegher to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
美国卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,美国联邦政府继续监测猴痘的反应,并将考虑如何宣布疫情爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that tP consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测对猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox ynd will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测对猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor Ythe response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
美国卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,美国联邦政府继续监测猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and eill use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测对麻疹的反应,并考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and wKll use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
美国卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测对麻疹的反应,并考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
-23 -3
The government will make 56,000 of those doses available to states in the first phase of the roll oYut.
政府将向各州提供五万六千种这些剂量。
The government will make 56,000 of those doses available to states in the first phase of the roll tut.
政府将向各州提供56,000个这类剂量。
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no symptoms or through semen, vaginal fluids and fecal matter, according tLo the CDC.
研究人员正在调查病毒是否通过无症状的人传播,或者通过精液、阴道液体和粪便传播。
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone wo has no symptoms or through semen, vaginal fluids and fecal matter, according to the CDC.
研究人员正在调查病毒是否可以由无症状的人传播,或者通过精液、阴道液体和粪便传播。
Charness said the fact that the infection can come back this way after treatment presents sme questions.
查尼斯说,这种感染可能在治疗后出现问题后会回来。
Charness said the fact that the infection can come back tis way after treatment presents some questions.
查尼斯说,感染可能在治疗后回来,这引起了一些问题。
The state has gotten more than 60,000 doses of the Jynneos monkeypox vaccine, the US Department of Health and Human Services savs.
美国卫生部(Department of Health and Human Services)节省了60000多剂吉尼奥斯猴痘疫苗。
He said they've fAund at least two instances in which people have transmitted to others when their infection recurs.
他说,他们至少在两次感染后传染给别人的病例中发病。
-24 -4
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious dsease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday.
美国疾病控制和预防中心(Centers for Disease Control and Prevention)周三表示,在密西西比州的水土样本中发现了一种罕见、严重疾病的细菌。
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil saples in Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday.
美国疾病控制和预防中心(Centers for Disease Control and Prevention)周三表示,在密西西比州的土壤和水里发现了一种罕见、严重疾病的细菌。
To get over some of this discomfort, take notice of automatic thought patterns that arise whkn thinking about communicating with a friend, and try to push back against them, Kirmayer said.
基尔梅尔说,为了克服这种不适感,应注意与朋友沟通时出现的自动思维模式,并试图反击它们。
-25 -5
Some experts though have said it's now too late to stop what we haG the tools to stop earlier.
一些专家说,现在已经太迟了,我们不能把我们掌握的工具提前停止了。
Some experts though have said iw's now too late to stop what we had the tools to stop earlier.
一些专家说,现在太迟了,不能阻止我们早些时候掌握的工具。
-27 -6
Pennsylvanian Hope Grasse, who was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 after growing up near a aval base, described how her doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical exposure.
宾夕法尼亚州的霍普·格拉斯(Hope Grasse)在25岁时被诊断出患4级癌症,当时她成长在山麓附近。
Pennsylvanian Hope Grasse, who was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 after growing up near a naval ase, described how her doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical exposure.
宾夕法尼亚州的霍普·格拉斯(Hope Grasse)在25岁时被诊断出患4级癌症,当时她长大了近海麻疹。
Pennsylvanian Hope Grasse, who was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 after growing up near a naval bae, described how her doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical exposure.
宾夕法尼亚州的霍普·格拉斯(Hope Grasse)在25岁时被诊断出患4级癌症,当时她身处海军基地附近长大。
Pennsylvanian Hope Grasse, who was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 after grocing up near a naval base, described how her doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical exposure.
宾夕法尼亚州的霍普·格拉斯(Hope Grasse)在25岁时被诊断出患4级癌症,当时她身处海军基地附近。
Pennsylvanian Hope Grasse, who was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 after growing up near a naval Ybase, described how her doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical exposure.
宾夕法尼亚州的霍普·格拉斯(Hope Grasse)在25岁时被诊断出患4级癌症,当时她身处海军基地附近长大。
But, the UiS doesn't have enough doses of Jynneos to vaccinate all who might want it, so public health officials are also considering whether to use a second, older type of vaccine called ACAM.
但是,美国并没有足够的注射量吉尼奥斯疫苗,所以公共卫生官员也正在考虑是否使用第二种,较老的ACAM疫苗。
-28 -7
The US Food and Drug Administration has authorized 786,000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine, anfd jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday.
美国食品药品管理局(Food and Drug Administration)批准了786,000个额外剂量吉尼奥斯疫苗。
The US Food and Drug Administration has authorized 786,000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine, ad jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday.
美国食品药品管理局(Food and Drug Administration)批准了786,000个额外剂量吉尼奥斯疫苗。
San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city's preparedness and response ymid high demand for the vaccine.
旧金山成为第一个宣布当地对猴痘实施紧急医疗的美国主要城市,以加强该市对疫苗的需求和应对能力。
FSan Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city's preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine.
弗朗西斯科成为第一个宣布当地对猴痘实施紧急医疗的美国主要城市,以加强该市对疫苗的需求。
San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the Nity's preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine.
旧金山成为第一个宣布当地对猴痘实施紧急医疗的美国主要城市,以加强该国对疫苗的需求。
San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city's preparedness and response amid higx demand for the vaccine.
旧金山成为第一个宣布当地对猴痘实施紧急医疗的美国主要城市,以加强该市对流感疫苗的需求。
-29 -7
Jay Varma, professor and director of the Cornell Center foQr Pandemic Prevention and Response in New York City.
杰·瓦尔玛教授和纽约康奈尔中心主任。
Jay Varma, professor and director of the Cornell Center for Pandemic Prevention and Response Sin New York City.
杰·瓦尔马(Jay Varma)教授和康奈尔疾病预防与应对中心主任。
