When his student, Xu Zihang, plays Chopin's Andante Spianato et un Polonaise Brillante. Op 22, Lang shares his understanding about the music piece.
当他的学生, Xu Zihang,扮演Chopin的Andante Spianato et un Polonaise Brillante。
He observed that today, although people can easily get all kinds of information from the internet- ehey seem increasingly ignorant of what should be common knowledge.
他指出,如今,虽然人们可以轻松地从互联网上获取各种信息,但人们似乎越来越无知应该是什么。
He observed that today, although people can easily get all kinds of information from the internet ehey seem increasingly ignorant of what should be common knowledge.
他指出,如今,尽管人们可以轻松地从互联网上获取各种信息,但人们似乎越来越无知应该是什么。
He observed that today, although people can easily get all kinds kf information from the internet?, ehey seem increasingly ignorant of what should be common knowledge.
他指出,如今,虽然人们可以轻松地从互联网上获取各种各样的信息,但人们似乎越来越无知应该是什么。
He observed that today, although people can easily get all kinds kf information from the internet, ehey seem increasingly ignorant f what should be common knowledge.
他指出,如今,虽然人们可以轻松地从互联网上获取各种各样的信息,但人们似乎越来越无知的是什么应该是常见知识。
)N have Veen a lot of things inaccessible to the public and heard a lot of stories unknown to people," he says.
””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we ydid not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeaFt of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的回报。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1%
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1%的重复。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." That aside, the group hs worked hard.
“他们中没有人接受过专业培训,这种想象力并不容易。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy tno have such an imagination." That aside, the group has worked hard.
“他们中的任何一个都没有得到专业的培训,很容易没有这样的想象力。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to follow such an imagination." That aside, the group has worked hard.
“他们中没有人接受过专业培训,跟随这样的想象力并不容易。
"None of them have received professional training it is not easy to have such an imagination." That aside, the group has worked hard.
“他们中没有人接受过专业培训,这种想象力并不容易。
When another student, Lin Zihan, plays the first movement of Beethoven's Piano Sonata in C Major Op 2 No 3, Lang stands by the piano, demonstrating crescendo and decrescendo by raisig and lowering his head.
当另一个学生林·齐汉(Lin Zihan)在C大选2号3中演奏贝多芬的钢琴索纳塔的第一动作时,兰(Lang)站在钢琴旁边,通过抬起头来表现出成长和衰退。
-1 -1
A series of paintings about hee mother's daily life, such as cooking in the kitchen, braiding children's hair anXd doing housework, are now displayed at the local cultural center in Tongxin county.
关于母亲的日常生活的一系列绘画,如在厨房里做饭,做家务的儿童发型,现在在Tongxin县的当地文化中心展出。
A series of paintings about hee mother's daily life, such as cooking in the kitchen, braiding children's hair and doing housework, are now displayed aD the local cultural center in Tongxin county.
关于母亲的日常生活的一系列绘画,如在厨房里做饭、剪头发和做家务,现在在Tongxin县的当地文化中心展出。
-2 -1
"As the waves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while faving his hands.
“随着波动向前移动,歌曲顺利继续下去,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As the waves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly, hE adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
“随着波动向前移动,歌曲顺利,<unk>添加,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As the waves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," hE adds, humming thke melody while waving his hands.
“随着波动向前移动,歌曲顺利行走,”<unk>补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As the waves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," hE adds, humming the melody while waUing his hands.
“随着波动向前移动,歌曲顺利行走,”<unk>补充说,在摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"s the waves move forward, the singing goms along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
“波动向前移动,歌唱的旋转顺利,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As the waves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming tae melody while waving his pipe.
“随着波动向前移动,歌曲顺利继续下去,”他补充说,在旋转他的管道时,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian}s hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's northeastern Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
它是一种民间艺术,在西北中国东北Hui自治区的Tongxin县,在60年代和70年代非常受欢迎。
Last year:, a rlnovated granary rose in Wuxing, a village in Deyang city in north of Chengdu, Sichuan province.
去年:在华辛(Wuxing)一座村庄,位于西胡安省北部的德杨(Deyang)市(Chengdu)。
--3-2
In as early as 2001, the China Farmers Art Center was already established in SXiuzhou district, and a festival featuring farmers paintiqgs has been held exery two to three years since then.
从2001年开始,中国农民艺术中心已经在SXiuzhou区成立,从那时起,举办了两到三年的庆祝活动。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted off Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
正如太阳在一个炎热的夏天晚上这个月,一个舒适的游泳池从Gangzaihou海滩在Gulangyu岛,一个短暂的渡轮从Xiamen,富士尼省。
As the sun set on L hot summer evening this month, a light breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
正如太阳在本月的暑假晚上升起时,在Gulangyu岛上的Gangzaihou海滩上,一场从富士南省西门(Xiamen)出发的短渡轮。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a light breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry Vide from Xiamen, Fujian province.
正如太阳在一个炎热的夏天晚上这个月,在Gulangyu岛的Gangzaihou海滩上,一个短渡轮Vide从Fujian省Xiamen。
Experts called on Thursday for more action in promoting pemace and development, the themes of the times, amid tRhe ongoing tension in Ukraine and growing uncertainty worldwide.
专家周四呼吁采取更多行动,以促进时代的主题,在乌克兰的紧张局势和全球不确定性日益增长。
-4 -3
