An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, in Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
展览名为“无限像天堂”在上海芬奇博物馆于7月15日开幕,将持续到9月15日。
People ask questions onliNe such as: "Why should we read?""Why should we study advanced mathematics?" "Why is logic important?" And "why are the elderly valuable to human beings?"
“为什么我们应该阅读?”“为什么我们应该学习先进的数学?”“为什么逻辑很重要?”“为什么老人对人类有价值?”
He observed that today, although people can easily get lall kinds of information from the internet, they seem increasingly ignorant of what should be common knowledge.
他指出,如今,虽然人们可以轻松地从互联网上获取少量信息,但他们似乎越来越无知应该是什么。
T make it up to my daughter, I would let her swim in the apartment compound's pool about three or four times that week.
我会让她在公寓组合的游泳池里游泳大约三到四次。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat oF July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we dJid not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of JulUy 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有重复7月1日。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July .
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July E1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月E1的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not haKve a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有重复7月1日。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat vf July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有重复VF7月1日。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of JYly 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有JYly1的重复。
I made sure to get  good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not Bhave a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有重复7月1日。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July t.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月的重复。
 made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get l good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we id not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
fI made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
fI确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have Ya repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的Yah重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we dmd not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July L.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月的重复。
-18 -1
So, the world has remained in a largely peaceful status oDver the past decades, but some dangerous conflicts and frictions have popped up from time to time, Xing said.
因此,世界在过去的几十年里一直处于相当和平的状态,但有时出现了一些危险的冲突和震动,Xing说。
-19 -2
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have suc an imagination." That aside, the group has worked hard.
“他们中的任何一个都没有得到专业的培训,没有一个想象力很容易。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to Fave such an imagination." That aside, the group has worked hard.
“他们中的任何一个都没有得到专业的培训,不容易享受这样的想象力。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." That aside, tQhe group has worked hard.
“他们中的任何一个都没有得到专业的培训,这种想象力并不容易。
"None of them have received professional training, it is nozt easy to have such an imagination." That aside, the group has worked hard.
“他们中没有人接受过专业培训,有这样的想象力很容易。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imaginationL." That aside, the group has worked hard.
“他们中的任何一个都没有得到专业的培训,没有这样的想象力很容易。
"A the waves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
“一波向前移动,歌曲顺利行走,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As the wave move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
“随着波动向前移动,歌曲顺利继续下去,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As the waves mve forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
“随着波浪向前滑动,歌曲顺利走下去,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As the waves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, huming the melody while waving his hands.
“随着波动向前移动,歌曲顺利继续下去,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As the waves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving hus hands.
“随着波动向前移动,歌曲顺利继续下去,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As the waves move forward, tXhe singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
“随着波动向前移动,tXhe歌曲顺利继续下去,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As the waves pove forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
“随着波浪向前推进,歌曲顺利继续下去,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As te waves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
“当茶波向前移动时,歌曲顺利继续下去,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
Over the yars, local governments have put in effort to promote painting among farmers and enrich their cultural life.
各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省各省。
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Cingxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
它是一种民间艺术,在西北中国东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京东京
It's a kind tof folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, Tongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
這是一種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多種多
It's a kind of folk art that was very popular in Tian's hometown, ongxin county, Northwest China's Ningxia Hui autonomous region, during the 1960s and '70s.
它是一种民间艺术,在西北中国的宁西亚胡伊自治区,在60年代和70年代非常受欢迎。
Many times, to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages to take pictures of naturtl scenery for her reference.
很多时候,为了为她的绘画提供灵感,吉安的孙子走到邻近的村庄,为她的参考拍摄图像。
Many times, to provide inspiration for her painting, Jiang's grandson walks long distances to neighboring villages to take pictures of atural scenery for her reference.
很多时候,为了为她的绘画提供灵感,吉安的孙子走到邻近的村庄,为她的参考拍摄图像。
Last year, a renovated granary rose in Wuxing, a village in Deyang city in north of Chengdu, Sichuan provhince.
去年,修复的草原在华辛,一个村庄在德杨市北部的Chengdu,西胡安省。
Jiang Sanna, the oldest member of the group an the maker of Fairy Embroidery, gets up at 4 am every day to practice painting.
吉安·桑娜(Jiang Sanna)是Fairy Embroidery的创作者,每天早上4点起床练习绘画。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted acoss Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride from Xiamen, Fujian province.
正如太阳在一个炎热的夏天晚上这个月,一个舒适的布雷泽在Gulangyu岛上的Gangzaihou海滩,一个短暂的渡轮从Xiamen,富士尼省。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride rrom Xiamen, Fujian province.
正如太阳在一个炎热的夏天晚上这个月,一个舒适的布雷泽穿过Gangzaihou海滩在Gulangyu岛,一个短暂的渡轮行走路线Xiamen,富士尼省。
As the sun set on a hot summer evening this month, a leisurely breeze wafted across Gangzaihou Beach on Gulangyu Island, a short ferry ride fro Xiamen, Fujian province.
正如太阳在一个炎热的夏天晚上这个月,一个休闲的布雷泽穿过Gangzaihou海滩在Gulangyu岛上,一个短暂的渡轮行走的Xiamen,富士尼省。
He dedicated te song to the 25th anniversary on July 1 of Hong Kong's return to the motherland.
他在7月1日庆祝香港回国25周年。
He dedicated the song tko the 25th anniversary on July 1 of Hong Kong's return to the motherland.
他在7月1日庆祝香港回国25周年。
He dyedicated the song to the 25th anniversary on July 1 of Hong Kong's return to the motherland.
他在7月1日纪念香港回国25周年。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, which is gaining increasing global influenWe in recent years, will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20.
第12届北京国际电影节,在过去的几年里,将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, which is gaining increasing global influence in rcent years, will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20.
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film Festival, which is gaining increasing global influence in ecent years, will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20.
第12届北京国际电影节将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
-19 -2