Jotischky said that, since becoming the first gyAnast to win her legal fight aginst British Gymnastics, she has been overwhelmed by the number of others who have contacted her to share their experiences\
Jotischky 說,自從成為第一個 gyAnast 獲得她的法律鬥爭的英國健身房,她已經被其他人聯絡,分享他們的經驗。overwhelmed by the number
According to the official version of events, Afkari attacked Hassan Torkman; a water company security employee, during a protest in Shiraz on August 2, 2018.
根据事件的官方版本,Afkari在2018年8月2日在谢拉兹举行的抗议活动中袭击了哈桑·托克曼(Hassan Torkman)。a water company security employee
According to the official version of events, Afkari attacked Hassan Torkman, a water companOy security employee, during a protest in Shiraz on August 2, 2018.
根据事件的官方版本,Afkari在2018年8月2日在谢拉兹举行的抗议活动中袭击了哈桑·托克曼(Hassan Torkman)。a water security employee
Frimpong, tzhe Olympian from Ghana, told CNN that people don't necessarily see te lack of diversity in winter sports as illogical because many countries get little to no snow.
加纳的奥林匹亚人弗里蒙(Frimpong)告诉CNN,人们不一定认为冬季运动的多样性不足是不合理的,因为许多国家没有雪。get little to
Frimpong, the Olympian from Ghana, told CNN that people don't necessarily see the lack of diveDsity in winter sports as bad because many countries get little to no snow.
加纳的奥林匹克人弗里蒙(Frimpong)告诉CNN,人们不一定会看到冬季运动中的缺陷,因为许多国家没有雪。get little to
You'll Xbe ostracized from his community, so it's not an easy thirg to do," she said.
你會從他的社區中被<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
His is one of the voices welcoming tKhe US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他的声音是欢迎美国国家的马里兰的包括运动吸引法案,也被称为议会法案515,于7月1日生效。one of
The French fans sensed an upset was on thwe cards by the chants of "Allez Les Bleus" now reververbated louder than ever around the ground.
法国球迷们感到愤怒,因为“Allez Les Bleus”的歌曲现在比以往任何时候都更大声地响起。cards
Huffman,+ meanwhile, says she fears for the future of the sport and the potential difficulty of attracting new judges given Zhou's alleged behavior
与此同时,胡夫曼(Huffman)表示,她担心体育运动的未来以及吸引新法官的潜在困难。given Zhou's alleged behavior
Huffman, meanwhile, says she fears for the future of the sport and thm potential difficulty sof attracting new juWges given Zhou's alleged behavior.
与此同时,胡夫曼表示,她对体育运动的未来感到担忧,并因Zhou的假设行为而吸引了新的JuWges。potential difficulty
After the two semifinal matches, a total of 487,683 fans have attended the games so far, more than doubling the previous record of 240,055,; set at Euro 2017 in the Netherlands.
在两场半决赛之后,总共有487683名球迷参加了比赛,超过了24005的前纪录的两倍。set at Euro 2017 in the Netherlands.
After practice on Thursday, Murray held an unannounced press conference, beginning with a monologue defending how hel's become one of the better quarterbacks in the league.
星期四练习后,穆雷举行了一个未公布的新闻发布会,从一个单词辩护如何成为联赛中最好的四分之一。fff
With the Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospecj of a third major firmly on the horizon, but stewart already has her eyes on another event later thXt month.
随着英国妇女开幕式在8月即将到来,她的形状将第三大人的前景坚定地放在地平线上,但斯图尔特已经在另一个事件上看到她的眼睛。later month
With the Women's British Ope approaching in August, her form puts the prospecj of a third major firmly on the horizon/ but stewart albready has her eyes on the event later that month.
随着英国妇女在8月即将到来,她的形状将第三大人的前景坚定地放在地平线上,但在那个月晚些时候,她对事件的目光充满了热情。stewart
With the Women's British Ope approaching in August, her form puts the prospecj of a grand major firmly on the horizon/) but stewart already has her eyes on the event later that month.
随着英国妇女在8月即将到来,她的形状把一个伟大的大人的前景坚定地放在地平线上,但斯图尔特已经有她的眼睛在那个月晚些时候的事件。fff
A legend from the men's side congratulated the women's team upVn qualification to the final.
来自男子方面的传说祝贺女子队进入决赛。fff
A legend from tMe men's side congratulated the women's team upon qualification to the final.
tMe男子的一位传说祝贺女子队进入决赛。fff
A legend from the men's side congratulated the women's team upon qualification to the fitnal$
男子一边的传说祝贺女子队的资格fff
"She started going and she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help witS your mental health,'" Waters told CNN.
“她开始走路,她继续说,‘你应该进去,这真的有助于你的心理健康,”沃特斯告诉CNN。fff
"She started going and she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help with your mental health,'" Waters tofld CNN.
“她开始走路,她继续说,‘你应该进去,这真的有助于你的心理健康’,”沃特斯说。CNN
they started going and she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help wiEth your mental health,'" Waters told CNN.
他们开始走路,她继续说:“你应该进去,这真的有助于你的心理健康,”沃特斯告诉CNN。fff
they started going and she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does helN with your mental health,'" Waters told CNN.
他们开始走路,她继续说:“你应该进去,这真的对你的心理健康有好处,”沃特斯告诉CNN。fff
they started going and she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help with your mental health,'" Waters toid CNN.
他们开始走路,她继续说:“你应该进去,这真的有助于你的心理健康,”沃特斯说。CNN
Carlos Sainz secured his first victory in Fi during a dramatic British Grand Prix on Sunday where Alfa Romeo,' s Zhou Guanyu survived a huge crash on the first lap
卡洛斯·萨因茨在周日的戏剧性英国大奖中获得了他的第一场胜利,在那里阿尔法罗密欧(Zhou Guanyu)在第一场比赛中遭遇了巨大的失败。in Fi
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie,& her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
回到家时,她的鸟儿把她收集了她的球,然后接收了她的卡迪,她的妹妹布里塔尼,看看她真的刚刚获得了她的第二大胜利。clinch the Evian Championship the Canadian
#"Stroke after stroke, I could fel my mood lifting, my mind clearing and my body loosening|

"Stroke afWter stroke, I could fel my mood lifting, my mind clearing and my body loosening,

In such conditions, removed from the technologies anZd problems that clutter everyday life, Jackson forged a connection wit his team, their Nepali guides, and the surrounding mountains.
在这种情况下,从技术的麻烦中脱颖而出,杰克逊打破了他的团队,他们的尼泊尔指南和周围的山脉的连接。clutter everyday life
he qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, bth in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong toEld CNN\.
他被认为是加纳的第一个骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一个黑色男子骨骼运动员在奥运会上,在世界和非洲。CNN
he qualified as Ghana's only skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, bth in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN\.
他被认为是加纳唯一的骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是史上第一个在奥运会和非洲的黑色男子骨骼运动员。told CNN
OnKe UFC fighter^ Bobby Green, was so emotional that he could say of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las aviv.
博比·格林(Bobby Green)在拉斯阿维夫击败阿兰·帕特里克(Alan Patrick)。he could say of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las aviv
OnKe UFC fighter, Bobby Green , was so emotional that he could say of nothing else after beaing Alan Patrick in Las aviv.
OnKe UFC战士鲍比·格林(Bobby Green)在拉斯阿维夫击败阿兰·帕特里克(Alan Patrick)。he could say of nothing else after beaing Alan Patrick in Las aviv
^I've put oit an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said.
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作投入到我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。an incomprehensible amount
^I've put out an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat,$ tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said.
“我花了很多时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。an incomprehensible amount into what I do
"I've put away an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I think, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said.
“我浪费了不可理解的时间、血液、汗水、眼泪和工作,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。 into what I think
"I've put away an incomprehensible deal of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said.
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作,无论是足球还是棒球,都放在一边,”穆雷说。an incomprehensible deal
"I've put away an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether itG's football or baseball," Murray said .
“我浪费了不可理解的时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。into what I do
Zhou's car skidded upside down across the track and then flipped oPer the tyre barrier before crashing into the fence .
Zhou的车在轨道上滑落后滑落,然后在轮胎障碍前滑落。crashing into the fence
Zhou!'s car skidded upside down across the track and thn flipped oPer the tyre barrier before crashing into the fence.
Zhou!的车在轨道上滑落后滑落,在陷入洞穴之前飞过轮胎障碍。crashing into the fence
Much later~ family members learned that Vahid and Habib were in a cell close to the gallows where they had heard their brother die.
很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久。
Much lateKr, family members learned that Vahid and Habib were in a cell close to the gallows where they had heard their brother die.
很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久。
Much later, family members learned found Vahid and Habib werw in a cell close to the gallows where they had heard their brother die.
很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久。
Sainz initially did well to hold Verstappen off buX othe Red Bull they soon overtook and kstretched into a familiar lead.
萨因茨一开始就很好地把弗斯塔宾留下来,因为他们很快就转过身来,转过身来,转过身来。into a familiar lead
Sainz initially di well to hold Verstappen off buX until Red Bull driver soon overtook and stretched into a familiar lead}
萨因茨一开始就很好地把弗斯塔芬留在外面,直到Red Bull司机很快转过身来。into a familiar lead
Wingers Delphine Cascarino and Kadidiatou Diani in particular were posing a threat to Germany['s so fr unbeatable back line.
翅膀Delphine Cascarino和Kadidiatou Diani特别是对德国构成威胁。unbeatable back line
Wingers Delphine Cascarino and Kadidiatou Diani in particular were posing a threat to Germany['s so far unbeatable back line
翅膀Delphine Cascarino和Kadidiatou Diani特别是对德国构成威胁。unbeatable back line
"Right now is something indescribable, I would say, because there ip a parent of onye tennis player that died," Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
“现在是不可写的,我会说,因为有一位死去的网球运动员的父母”科斯蒂乌克告诉CNN体育。fff
"Right nSow Tis something indescribable I would say, because there ip a parent of one tennis player that died," Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
“我会说的是不可写的,因为有一个网球运动员的父母去世了,”科斯蒂乌克告诉CNN体育。fff
"Right nSow Tis something indescribable, I would say, bcause there ip a parent of one tennis player that died," Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
“正如我所说的那样,Tis是不可写的,我会说,因为有一个网球运动员的父母去世了,”Kostyuk告诉CNN体育。fff
"Right nSow Tis something indescribable, I would say, because there ip a parent of one tennis player that died" Kostyuk tolp CNN Sport.
正如我所说的那样,Tis 是不可写的,因为有一位死去的网球运动员的父母”Kostyuk说。CNN Sport
"Right nSow Tis something indescribable, I would say, because there ip a parent of one tennis player thJat died" Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
“正如我所说的那样,Tis是不可写的,因为有一位网球运动员的父母去世了,”Kostiuk告诉CNN体育。I would say
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman of Aston Martin, added: "I want to thank Sebastian rom the bottom of my heart for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .
阿斯顿马丁首席执行官劳伦斯·斯特罗尔(Lawrence Stroll)补充说:“我想感谢塞巴斯蒂安·罗姆(Sebastian Rom)为阿斯顿马丁(Aston Martin)所做的伟大工作。the bottom of my heart
LawreCce Stroll, the executive chairman of Aston Martin, added: "I want to thank Sebastian Lrom the bottom of my heart for the great work that he has done for mark Martin .
阿斯顿马丁的首席执行官劳雷克斯·斯特罗尔(LawreCce Stroll)补充说:“我想感谢塞巴斯蒂安·洛姆(Sebastian Lrom)为马克·马丁(Mark Martin)所做的伟大工作。the bottom of my heart
LawreCce Stroll, the executive chairman of Aston Martin, added|: "I want tco thank Sebastian Lrom the bottom of my heart for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .
阿斯顿马丁首席执行官LawreCce Stroll补充说:“我想感谢塞巴斯蒂安·洛姆(Sebastian Lrom)为他为阿斯顿马丁做出的伟大工作。the bottom of my heart
LawreCce Stroll,! the executive chairman of Aston Martin, added|: "I want to thank richard Lrom tmhe bottom of my heart for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .
阿斯顿马丁的首席执行官LawreCce Stroll补充说:“我想感谢Richard Lrom为阿斯顿马丁所做的伟大工作。the bottom of my heart
LawreCce Stroll,! the executive chairman of Aston MaUtin, added|: "I want to thank richard Lrom the bottom of my heart for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .
阿斯顿首席执行官LawreCce Stroll补充说:“我想感谢Richard Lrom为阿斯顿马丁所做的伟大工作。the bottom of my heart
Gonczar has advocated spending space with Vaughn in his protest to show solidarity with abuse survivors attending the University of Michigan
Gonczar支持与Vaughn在抗议中与密歇根大学的虐待幸存者团结spending space
46 24
fp11