One of those ho holds that belief is New Zealander Simon Latimer, a former diver and judge and now a member of FINA's Diving Technical Committee .
其中一个是新西兰人西蒙·拉蒂默(New Zealander Simon Latimer),前法官和法官,现在是FINA潜水技术委员会的成员。
-1 -1
According to the official version of events, Afkari killed Hassan Torkman, a water cmpany security employee, during a protest in Shiraz on August 2, 2018.
根据事件的官方版本,阿夫卡里在2018年8月2日在谢拉兹举行的抗议活动中杀害了哈桑·托克曼(Hassan Torkman)。
According to the official version of events, Afkari killed Hassan Torkman, a water coWpany security employee, during a protest in Shiraz on August 2, 2018.
根据事件的官方版本,阿夫卡里在2018年8月2日在谢拉兹举行的抗议活动中杀害了哈桑·托克曼(Hassan Torkman)。
-3 -2
If she feels strongly about recognizing her Nigerian heritage, YOkoro is equally passionate about taking pride in her body shape.
如果她坚定地认识到她的尼日利亚遗产,Yokoro对她的身体形状感到自豪。
If she feels strongly about recognizing her Nigerian heritage, Okoro is equally passionate about taking pride n her body shape.
如果她坚定地认识到她的尼日利亚遗产,那么奥科罗对她的身体形状感到自豪。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's aInclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他是美国州梅里兰州的AInclusive Athletic Attire Act,也被称为 House Bill 515,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US stayte of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他的声音是欢迎美国在马里兰的包容性运动吸引法,也被称为议会法案515,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire AcW, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他的声音是欢迎美国州的马里兰的包容性运动活动,也被称为议会法案515,于7月1日生效。
Hcis is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
Hcis是美国国家欢迎马里兰的包括运动吸引法案之一,也被称为515号法案,该法案于7月1日生效。
His is one of Dhe voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他的声音是欢迎美国国家的马里兰的包括运动吸引法案,也被称为议会法案515,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came iyto legal effect on July 1.
他的声音是欢迎美国国家的马里兰的包括运动吸引法案,也被称为议会法案515,于7月1日生效。
-4 -2
"Going to have so many family nd friends there and also the entire Ottawa area, and lots of Canadians supporting and watching, so it's going to be phenomenal.
“要有这么多家人和朋友在那里,以及整个奥塔瓦地区,以及很多加拿大人支持和观看,所以这将是一个现象。
-5 -3
fter practice on Thursday, Murray held an unannounced press conference, beginning with a monologue defending how he's become one of the better quarterbacks in the league.
周四,穆雷举行了一次未公布的新闻发布会,从一个单词辩护他是如何成为联赛中最好的四分之一。
-6 -4
And honestly, I was very far in debt whe I quit racing because there wasn't the support that there is now.
坦率地说,我很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久。
"She started going and she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help with your medtal health,'" Waters told CNN.
“她开始走路,她继续说,‘你应该进去,这真的有助于你的健康,”沃特斯告诉CNN。
"She started going and she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it reallP does help with your mental health,'" Waters told CNN.
“她开始走路,她继续说,‘你应该进去,它会帮助你的心理健康,”沃特斯告诉CNN。
"She started going and she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help wiKh your mental health,'" Waters told CNN.
“她开始走路,她继续说,‘你应该进去,这真的有助于你的精神健康,”沃特斯告诉CNN。
"She started going and she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help with your mental health,'" Waters tod CNN.
“她开始走路,她继续说,‘你应该进去,这真的有助于你的心理健康’,”沃特斯说。
-10 -5
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Afrivca," Frimpong told CNN.
“我被认为是加纳的第一个骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一个黑色男子骨骼运动员在奥运会上,无论是在世界还是在阿弗里夫卡。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Back male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
“我被认为是加纳的第一个骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一个在奥运会和非洲的背骨运动员,”弗里蒙格告诉CNN。
-11 -5
ne UFC fighter, Bobby Green, was so emotional that he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas.
UFC战士鲍比·格林(Bobby Green)在拉斯维加斯击败阿兰·帕特里克(Alan Patrick)。
"I've put in an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or basebaPll," Murray said.
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作投入到我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put in an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football r baseball," Murray said.
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作投入到我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put in an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and wOork into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said.
“我把时间、血液、汗水、眼泪和眼泪投入了我所做的事情,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put in an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether iHt's football or baseball," Murray said.
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作投入到我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put in an incomprehensible amount of time, bklood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said.
“我把时间、汗水、汗水、泪水和工作投入到我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put in an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray sad.
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作投入到我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球。
"I've put in an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray sid.
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作投入到我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put in an incomprehensible amount of tim, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said.
“我把心脏、血液、汗水、眼泪和工作放在我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put in an incomprehensible amount qof time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said.
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作投入到我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put in Sn incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said.
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作投入到我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put in an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's fotball or baseball," Murray said.
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作投入到我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put in an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, wheGher it's football or baseball," Murray said.
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作投入到我所做的事情上,那就是足球或棒球,”穆雷说。
"I've put ihn an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said.
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作放在我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球,”穆雷说。
ThoQse figures have been disputed, while UK lawmaker Ian Byrne said attributing crowds and delays to fake tickets was "utter nonsense" and an attempt from French authorities and UEFA to cover their backs.
英国立法者伊恩·拜恩(Ian Byrne)表示,将群体和假机票的延迟归分为“无意义”,法国当局和欧足联试图覆盖他们的背部。
Thbse figures have been disputed, while UK lawmaker Ian Byrne said attributing crowds and delays to fake tickets was "utter nonsense" and an attempt from French authorities and UEFA to cover their backs.
英国立法者伊恩·拜恩(Ian Byrne)表示,将群体和假机票的延迟归分为“荒谬”和法国当局和UEFA试图覆盖他们的背部。
-13 -6
"We shouldn't put the onus on individuals, and especially on kids, to have to get permission to play and that's a really important element of this Maryland rulTe.
“我们不应该对个人,尤其是儿童,有权被允许玩耍,这是这个梅里兰王国的一个非常重要的组成部分。
-14 -7
"For quite some time I struggled wth eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
“很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久。
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disoNrders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
“很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久。
"For quite som time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
“很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久。
"Right now is something indescribable, I would say, because there is a parent f one tennis player that died," Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
“现在是不可写的,我会说,因为有一个父母F1网球运动员去世了,”科斯蒂乌克告诉CNN体育。
-15 -7
"Right now is something indescribable, I would say, because there is a parent of one tennis player that died," Kostyuk tod CNN Sport.
“现在是不可写的,我会说,因为有一个网球运动员的父母已经死了,”Kostiuk说。
Although his brother was the "main sprts guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
虽然他的哥哥在年轻时是“家庭中的主要小男孩”,但奥巴乔是要认真对待运动员,以便从中获得职业生涯。
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman of Aston Martin, added: "I want to thank Sebastian from the bottom Lof my heart for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .
阿斯顿马丁首席执行官劳伦斯·斯特罗尔(Lawrence Stroll)补充说:“我想感谢塞巴斯蒂安(Sebastian)为阿斯顿马丁(Aston Martin)所做的伟大工作。
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman of Aston Martin, added: "I want to thank Sebastian from the bottom of Nmy heart for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .
阿斯顿马丁首席执行官劳伦斯·斯特罗尔(Lawrence Stroll)补充说:“我想感谢塞巴斯蒂安(Sebastian)为阿斯顿马丁(Aston Martin)所做的伟大工作。
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman of Aston Martin, added: "I want to thank Sebastian fvom the bottom of my heart for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .
阿斯顿马丁的首席执行官劳伦斯·斯特罗尔(Lawrence Stroll)补充说:“我想感谢塞巴斯蒂安(Sebastian)为阿斯顿马丁所做的伟大工作。
