What makes the two solutions especially important for China is that coal remains dominant in the country['s energy mix, he stressed.
这两种解决方案对中国特别重要的是,煤炭仍然在该国占主导地位。
The two agreed on joint efforts to promote practical cooperation in the field of the economy and trade, and to jointly cope with the challenges facing the global economy,[ Xinhua News Agency reported.
双方同意共同努力促进经济和贸易领域的实用合作,共同应对全球经济面临的挑战。
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March, and with the RCEP opening up more markets for exports- Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness.
马来西亚于3月批准了该协议,随着RCEP的开放,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的计划。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight%, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time.
日本正在看到一场从未见过的冠状病毒峰会,但这一次政府不太可能重新实施限制措施。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge+ in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,“在首都各地发生了巨大的火灾加剧,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital , with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge " in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge$ in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,“在首都各地发生了巨大的火灾增加,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat? Sky News reported.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾崛起”,一些居民因强烈的热量爆发而被避难。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA{5.
该国在全国范围内也上涨到186,229的新高,专家说,它可以部分归因于Omicron subvariantBA的传播。
China's trimmed US debt holdings can help the nation gain more dollar liquidity to maintain financial stability and reduce its reliance on dollar reserves{ economists and experts said on Wednesday.
中国紧缩的美国债务持有可以帮助该国获得更多的美元流动性,以保持金融稳定,并减少其对美元储备的依赖。
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89 .7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of people aged 60 and above, according to the National Health Commission.
截至周三,中国已完全接种疫苗,其人口的近89.7%和60岁及以上人口的84.5%。
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84. 5 percent of people aged 60 and above, according to the National Health Commission.
截至周三,中国已完全接种疫苗,其人口的近89.7%和60岁及以上人口的84.5%。
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 897 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of people aged 60 and above, according to the National Health Commission.
截至周三,中国已经完全接种了近897%的人口和60岁及以上的人口的84.5%。
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of people aged 60 and above, according to the National Health Commission@
截至周三,中国已完全接种疫苗,其人口的近89.7%和60岁及以上人口的84.5%。
