One of those who holds that belief is New Zealander Simon Latimer[ a former diver and judge and now a member of FINA's Diving Technical Committee .
这个信念的人之一是新泽兰德·西蒙·拉蒂默(新泽兰德·西蒙·拉蒂默(新泽兰德·西蒙·拉蒂默(新泽兰德·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙·西蒙)
According to the official version of events, Afkari killed Hassan Torkman[ a water company security employee, during a protest in Shiraz on August 2, 2018.
根据事件的官方版本,阿夫卡里在2018年8月2日在谢拉兹举行的抗议活动中杀害了哈桑·托克曼(Hassan Torkman)。
-1 -1
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515@ which came into legal effect on July 1.
他的声音是欢迎美国国家的马里兰的包括运动吸引法案,也被称为法案515@,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland' s Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他是欢迎美国州梅里兰州的包括运动吸引法案之一,也被称为515号法案,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Marylands Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
马里兰州包括运动吸引力法案(Maryland Inclusive Athletic Attire Act),也被称为515号法案,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515&, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他的声音是欢迎美国国家的马里兰的包括运动吸引法案,也被称为法案515&,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland"'s Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他是美国马里兰州的“包括运动吸引法案”,也被称为515号法案,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland~'s Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他是欢迎美国州梅里兰州的《包括运动吸引法案》(Inclusive Athletic Attire Act),也被称为515号法案,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515< which came into legal effect on July 1.
他的声音是欢迎美国国家的马里兰的包括运动吸引法案,也被称为法案515<,于7月1日生效。
-2 -1
"We have so many Navids now fighting for freedom,{ Alinejad explained, "fighting for equality, fighting for justice, fighting for dignity, fighting to have a normal life, fighting to get rid of dictatorship.
“我们现在有这么多纳维德人为自由而战,为平等而战,为正义而战,为尊严而战,为正常生活而战,为摆脱独裁而战。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
回到家时,她的鸟儿把她收集了她的球,然后拥抱她的卡迪,她的妹妹布里塔尼,看看她真的刚刚获得了她的第二大胜利。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship} the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
加拿大人收集了她的球,然后拥抱她的卡迪,她的妹妹布里塔尼,检查她真的刚刚确保她的第二大胜利。
|Stroke after stroke, I could feel my mood lifting, my mind clearing and my body loosening.

"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa,} Frimpong told CNN.
“我被认为是加纳的第一个骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一个黑色男子骨骼运动员在奥运会上,无论是在世界还是在非洲。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa, Frimpong told CNN.
“我被认为是加纳的第一个骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一个黑色男子骨骼运动员在奥运会上,无论是在世界还是在非洲。
One UFC fighter Bobby Green, was so emotional that he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas.
一名UFC战士鲍比·格林(Bobby Green)在拉斯维加斯击败阿兰·帕特里克(Alan Patrick)。
One UFC fighter, Bobby Green| was so emotional that he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas.
一名UFC战士,鲍比·格林(Bobby Green)在拉斯维加斯击败阿兰·帕特里克(Alan Patrick)。
One UFC fighter@ Bobby Green, was so emotional that he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas.
一名UFC战士博比·格林(Bobby Green)在拉斯维加斯击败阿兰·帕特里克(Alan Patrick)。
One UFC fighter, Bobby Green~ was so emotional that he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas.
一名UFC战士鲍比·格林(Bobby Green)在拉斯维加斯击败阿兰·帕特里克(Alan Patrick)。
One UFC fighter, Bobby Green# was so emotional that he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas.
一名UFC战士,鲍比·格林(Bobby Green)在拉斯维加斯击败阿兰·帕特里克(Alan Patrick)。
"I've put in an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball,. Murray said.
“我把时间、血液、汗水、泪水和工作投入到我所做的事情上,无论是足球还是棒球。
Much later[, family members learned that Vahid and Habib were in a cell close to the gallows where they had heard their brother die.
很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久。
Much later} family members learned that Vahid and Habib were in a cell close to the gallows where they had heard their brother die.
很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久。
Much later{, family members learned that Vahid and Habib were in a cell close to the gallows where they had heard their brother die.
很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久。
Much later; family members learned that Vahid and Habib were in a cell close to the gallows where they had heard their brother die.
很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久很久。
She went on to spearhead China's dominance in diving] coaching the national team from 1990 to 1997.
她继续在1990年至1997年间推动中国潜水主导地位。
-3 -2
