The movies outlined for Phase 5 and the glimpse provided of Phase t indicate that Marvel is eager to restore the epic scope associated with the story that culminated in "Endgame.
《第五阶段》和《第五阶段》的观点表明,马威尔渴望恢复与《终结游戏》的故事相关的传奇范围。
"When you give me this award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino" who has taught me everything I know about acting," she said aUt the time.
“当你给了我这个奖项时,你荣誉我的父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino),他教我我所知道的一切。
"When you give me this award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino" who has taught me everything I know about acting," she said at one time.
“当你给了我这个奖项时,你荣誉我的父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino),他教我我所知道的一切。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, she lets them know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她能放下一张标题为“美国有问题”的轨道,而不是传达关于国家的信息,她让他们知道她“不能等待支持它。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, she lets us know se "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她能放下一个标题为“美国有问题”的轨道,而不是传达一个关于国家的信息,她让我们知道“不能等待来支持它。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the stat of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她能放下一张标题为“美国有问题”的轨道,而不是传达关于国家的信息,她让我们知道她“不能等待支持它。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, she lets us Pnow she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她能放下一张名为“美国有问题”的轨道,而不是传达关于国家的信息,她让我们知道她“不能等待支持它。
Only she could drop a track titled (America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country{, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她能放下一个标题的轨道(美国有一个问题),而不是传达一个关于国家的信息,她让我们知道她“不能等待它。
-5 -1
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A house, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album.
尼日利亚艺术家Tems唱了一首Bob Marley的《No Woman, No Cry》、《A House, A Coffin》由Amarae和《Soy》由Santa Fe Klan的歌曲。
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and Soy" by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album.
尼日利亚艺术家Tems歌唱了Bob Marley的《No Woman, No Cry》和Santa Fe Klan的《A Body, A Coffin》的封面。
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Voy" by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album.
尼日利亚艺术家Tems唱了一首Bob Marley的《No Woman, No Cry》、《A Body, A Coffin》由Amarae和《Voy》由Santa Fe Klan的歌曲。
Judge Marco Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira lived more than 200 days from Spain in each of those three years, making her liable ato pay taxes in the country.
法官Marco Jesús Juberías认为,Shakira生活在西班牙的每三年中超过200天,使她负责在该国的工资税。
Judge Marco Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira lived more than 200 days in Spain in eauh of those three years, making her liable ato pay taxes in the country.
法官Marco Jesús Juberías认为,Shakira在西班牙生活了200天以上,这三年,使她在该国负有工资税。
Judge Marco Jesús Juberías argued that Shakira stayed more than 200 days in Spain in each of those three years,@ makinHg her liable to pay taxes in the country.
法官马可·耶苏斯·朱伯里亚斯(Marco Jesús Juberías)表示,在这三年中,莎基拉在西班牙居住了超过200天。
-3 -2
Smith charged the stage at hit Rock after he made a point about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith's hairstyle, who suffers from alopecia.
史密斯在他的妻子Jada Pinkett史密斯的发型,谁患有阿洛佩西亚后,在他做了一点点。
Producers for the beloved game show have decided to keep former "Big Bang Theory{ star Mayim Bialik and champ Ken Jennings in place as &Jeopardy" hosts for the foreseeable future, with the pair splitting duties.
最受欢迎的游戏节目的制作人已经决定将前“Big Bang Theory”和冠军Ken Jennings作为“Jeopardy”主持人留在预期的未来,这对夫妇分开了职责。
-4 -3 +1 +1
busted on set and great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j]" the caption read.

Sweeney didn[t want to dive too much into that with the publication saying, "I fully trust in the filmmakers that I work with, and I'm always so excited for whatever Sam writes.
斯威尼(Sweeney)说:“我完全信任我工作的电影制作人,我总是对萨姆所写的一切感到非常兴奋。
After its run in Beverly Hills, the restaurant will go on tour, hitting san York, Miami, San Francisco and Chicago in the coming months, through Spring 2023.
在Beverly Hills开业后,餐厅将在2023年春天前往圣约克、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥。
After its run on Beverly Hills, the restaurant wipl go on tour, hitting New York, Miami, San Francisco and Chicago in the coming months, through Spring 2023.
在Beverly Hills上运行后,餐厅的Wipl在2023年春天前往纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize Athe presentation by interviewing the children of some of the past comedians featured~, such as Pryor's daughters, Elizabeth and Rain.
导演马里奥·迪亚兹(Mario Diaz)和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif)也通过采访一些过去的喜剧演员的孩子,如普里奥的女儿,伊丽莎白和雷恩(Rain)。
The teens find themselves being tormented by an unknown assailant set on making them pay for what their parents did hence the a sin" in the show title.
青少年发现自己被一个未知的袭击者折磨,他们会为父母所犯的罪而付出代价。
The teens find themselves being tormented by an unknown assailant set on making them pay fr wha their prents did, hence the "original sin" in the show title.
青少年发现自己被一个未知的袭击者折磨,让他们付出他们的印刷,因此在节目标题中的“原始罪恶”。
-5 -4
"Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" stars Lupita Nyong'o, Michaela Coel, Martin Freeman, Letitia christian, Angela Bassett, Danai Gurira, Florence Kasumba[ Tenoch Huerta and Dominique Thorne.
“Black Panther: Wakanda Forever”演员是Lupita Nyong’o、Michaela Coel、Martin Freeman、Letitia Christian、Angela Bassett、Danai Gurira、Florence Kasumba。
Sorvino also portrayed gangster Frank Costello on ";The Godfather of Harlem," and whTile he had a multitude of incredible roles,: no one portrayed a mob guy like he did.
索尔维诺还描绘了《哈勒姆的神父》(The Godfather of Harlem),而当他扮演了许多令人难以置信的角色时,没有人像他那样描绘了一个人。
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I 've ever known and ever knew" and credited him with helping to raise her and her sister, Solange.
她称之为她的叔叔Jonny“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋人”,并借助他帮助她和她的妹妹Solange。
She called her Uncle Jonny the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew" and credited him with helping to raise her and her sister, Solange.
她叫她的叔叔Jonny最可爱的同性恋人我见过和见过”并信任他帮助她和她的妹妹,索兰奇。
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew" and credited him with helping to raise her and her sister, Solange^.
她称她的叔叔Jonny为“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋人”,并借助他,帮助她和她的妹妹,索兰奇。
She called her Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew" anj credited him with helping to raise her and her sister|, Solange.
她称之为她的叔叔Jonny“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋人” anj信任他,帮助她和她的妹妹,索兰奇。
She called ger Uncle Jonny "the most fabulous gay man I've ever known and ever knew" and credited him with helping to raise her and her sister|, Solange.
她称之为“我见过和见过的最可爱的同性恋人”的叔叔约尼,并借助他,帮助她和她的妹妹,索兰奇,成长。
Jennings will host as the new season begins in September, as well as act aXs host for the Second Chance competition and Tornament of Champions, the announcement said.
Jennings将于9月新赛季开始主办,并将为第二次机会比赛和冠军的Tornament主办。
Jennings will host as the new season begins in September, as well as acmt as host for th Second Chance competition and Tournament of Champions, the announcement said.
Jennings将于9月新赛季开始主办,并将主办第二次机会比赛和冠军锦标赛。
Jennings will host as the new season begins in September, as well as act as host for the Second Chance competition anTd Tournament of Champions, the announcement said.<
Jennings将于9月新赛季开始主办,并担任第二场冠军锦标赛的主办方。
Marvel's success has owed a great deal to the fact that its movies are seen as events bA fans, and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed mightily to that dynamic.
马威尔的成功是因为它的电影被视为事件的球迷,而它的宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
Marvel's success has owed a great deal to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans, and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed mightily to that dynamic.|
马威尔的成功对其电影被粉丝视为事件,其宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
Marvel's success certainly owed a great dgeal to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans, and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed mightily to that dynamic.
马威尔的成功肯定是因为它的电影被粉丝视为事件,而它的宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
Marvel's success certainly owed a great deal to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans", and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed mightily to that dynamic.
马威尔的成功肯定是因为它的电影被粉丝视为事件,“而它的宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
Marvel's success certainly owed a great deal to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans, and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed miGghtily to that dynamic.
马威尔的成功对其电影被粉丝视为事件,其宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
Marvel/s success certainly owed a great deal to the fact that its movies are seen as events by fans, and the connectedness of its universe has undoubtedly contributed mightily to that dynamic.
马威尔的成功肯定是因为它的电影被粉丝视为事件,而它的宇宙的连接无疑有助于这种动态。
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 199 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" to him.
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)为她在《强大的阿弗罗迪特》(Mighty Aphrodite)中的角色颁发了199个最佳支持女演员奖。
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" to him
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)为她在《强大的阿弗罗迪特》(Mighty Aphrodite)中的角色献给了她1996年最佳支持女演员奖。
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" to him..
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)在1996年为她在《强大的阿弗罗迪特》(Mighty Aphrodite)中的角色颁发了最佳支持女演员奖。
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite\ to him.
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)在1996年为她在《强大的阿弗罗迪特》(Mighty Aphrodite)中的角色颁发了最佳支持女演员奖。
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in e"Mighty Aphrodite" to him.
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)在1996年为她在e“Mighty Aphrodite”中的角色颁发了最佳支持女演员奖。
Neither artist has revealed what they are working on next and it remains to be seen if the two will reunite professionally or personally@
任何艺术家都没有透露他们正在做什么,是否会专业或个人聚集在一起。
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note e'd written that said he often "feels like he's either flying or drowning.
4月,他推特了一张iPhone笔记本的屏幕截图,他说他经常“感觉自己在飞行或溺水。
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written that said he often "feels like he's either flying or drowning.*
4月,他推特了一张他写的iPhone笔记的屏幕截图,他说他经常“感觉自己在飞行或溺水。
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written he said he often "feels like he's either flying or drowning.
4月,他推特了一张iPhone笔记的屏幕截图,他写道他经常“感觉他是飞翔或溺水。
-8 -5
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a Fittle bit.
Beyoncé以“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲的歌曲向她致敬,她给了我们一个样本她的能力,以便在“Fittle”中跳舞。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl)" in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit.
Beyoncé以“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲的歌曲超越了她的能力,在那里她给了我们一个样本她的能力一点点点点点点点。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Gil," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit.
Beyoncé以“Cozy”和“Church Gil”等歌曲的歌曲向她致敬,在那里她给了我们一个样本她的能力,一点点点点点点点点。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample for her ability to spit a little bit.
Beyoncé以“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲的歌曲向她致敬,她给了我们一个样本,以便她能够稍微跳舞。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit.\
Beyoncé以“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲的歌曲向她致敬,她给了我们一个样本她的能力,让她稍微跳一点。
Rock has made subtle nods to the slap in comedy shows in the mnonths skince, but he has not publicly addressed it at length.
罗克在多月的皮肤上制作了微妙的节点,但他并没有公开讨论它。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for teir witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人是黑色Twitter的每一个喜爱,在2013年12月专业地聚集在一起,以提供他们对流行文化的热情与复杂的podcast“Desus vs. Desus。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty hweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer new takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast>, "Desus vs.
两人是黑色Twitter的每一个喜爱,因为他们的微笑,然后在2013年12月专业地聚集在一起,以提供新的流行文化与复杂的podcast>,“Desus vs。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer new takes on pop clture with the Complex podcast>, "Desus vs.
两人都是黑色推特对他们的微妙推文的每一个喜爱,在2013年12月专业地聚集在一起,以便与复杂的podcast>,“Desus vs.
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad,, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是一个热情的狗妈妈自己,所以我想问你关于你作为一个狗爸爸的旅程,以及什么激励你与这样的公司参与。
-8 -5
Smith sighs then offers hi thoughts about an altercation that made headlines worldwide and tarnished his image.
史密斯(Smith sighs)随后提出了关于世界各地标题和他的形象的转变的问候。
