An exhibition titled Infinite Like Heavens and Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
7月15日在上海芬奇博物馆展出《无限像天堂和宝藏》的展览,将持续到9月15日。
An installation titled Infinite Like Heavens – Treasures from Zhou, Qin Han and Tang Dynasties kicked off at Shanghai Fengxian Museum on July 15 and will last until September 15.
7月15日在上海芬奇博物馆开设了名为“无限像天堂”的设施,将持续到9月15日。
At the start of the book, the lead character, anthropology Professor Huang Bai from harvard University, is confronted with a problem.
在本书的开始时,人类学教授胡安·拜(Huang Bai)面临着一个问题。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July before.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们以前没有7月的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the morning, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保有一天早上睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good morning sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did actually have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们实际上有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not get a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有得到7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the end of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so today did not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以今天没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we does not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the night, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在剩下的夜晚睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's rest the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末休息一晚,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have this repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get every good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保每晚睡得好,所以我们没有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we will not have a repeat of July 1.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们不会有7月1日的重复。
I made sure to get a good night's sleep the rest of the week, so we did not have a repeat of July fifth.
我确保在周末睡得好,所以我们没有7月5日的重复。
-15 -1
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." That aside, the group has worked wonders.
“他们中的任何一个都没有得到专业的培训,这种想象力并不容易。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy i have such an imagination." That aside, the group has worked hard.
“他们中没有人接受过专业培训,我有这样的想象力并不容易。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have just an imagination." That aside, the group has worked hard.
“他们中没有人接受过专业培训,只有想象力是不容易的。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." That aside, the group has worked fine.
“他们中没有人接受过专业培训,这种想象力并不容易。
"None of them have received professional training, it is not easy to have such an imagination." those aside, the group has worked hard.
“他们中的任何一个都没有得到专业的培训,没有这样的想象力很容易。
"As the waves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," steve adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
“随着波动向前移动,歌曲顺利继续下去,”史蒂夫补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As the waves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
“随着波动向前移动,歌曲顺利继续下去,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As those waves move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
“当这些浪潮向前移动时,歌曲顺利地继续下去,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As the waves move forward, the singing goes very smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
“随着波动向前移动,歌曲变得非常顺利,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As the waves move faster, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
“随着波动的速度更快,歌曲顺利地走下去,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
"As the people move forward, the singing goes along smoothly," he adds, humming the melody while waving his hands.
“随着人们前进,歌曲顺利地走下去,”他补充说,摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇摇。
The ruins sit in Turpan, western China's Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region, and cover 37.6 hectares.
这些废墟位于中国西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方西方
he 12th Beijing International Film week, which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years, will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20.
北京国际电影周将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
he 12th Beijing International Film days, which is gaining increasing global influence in recent years, will be held in Beijing from Aug 13 to 20.
北京国际电影日将于8月13日至20日在北京举行。
Until one day, a security guard asked me to move faster whenever my audience were in the way," he says.
直到有一天,一名警卫要求我随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随时随
