With the anticipated boom in NEV sales globally in the coming years, said Wang Jing, a research supervisor from xhanghai Chaos Investment Group, the need for power batteries－a key component of NEVs－is apparent.
上海混业投资集团(XhanghaiChaosInvestmentGroup)研究主管王晶表示,随着未来几年全球电力电池销售的预期繁荣,电力电池的需求明显。
Customs data showed China's exports of solar components to Europe during the first quarter rose to 16.7 GW, 145 percent hHigher compared with the same period of 2021 with 6.8 GW.
海关数据显示,中国第一季度太阳能组件出口至欧洲增长至16.7GW,较2021年同期增长145%。
Nobody was sure how lon a vaccine would take to develop, let alone whether it would even work.
没人确定疫苗会发展到何种程度,更不用说它是否能成功了。
Nobody was sure how long a vaccine would take to develop, let alone whether it wouLld even work.
没人确定疫苗需要多长时间才能发展,更不用说它是否会有效。
Nobody was sure how long a vaccine would take to develop, let alone whether it woluld even work.
没人确定疫苗需要多长时间才能发展,更不用说它是否能有效了。
"The elders in my family told me not to throw my money away," said Daga, who runs a food business ner New Delhi.
达加(Daga)说:“我家的长老告诉我不要把钱扔掉。
19 billion penalty, the regulator acso imposed a personal fine of 1 million yuan on Didi's chairman and CEO Cheng Wei and president Liu Qing, respectively.
监管机构对迪迪的董事长、首席执行官陈伟和董事长刘庆分别判了1万元个人罚款。
Andrew McCaffery, global chief investment officer of Fidelity International, said tke falling US Treasuries holdings by foreign central banks reflect concerns about the real returns, which subtract the level of inflation, provided by US Treasuries.
Fidelity国际全球首席投资干事安德鲁?麦卡弗里(Andrew McCaffery)表示,美国国债持有量的下降反映了对美国国债提供的实际回报的担忧,这降低了通胀水平。
-1 -1
The continent has grappled with supply shortages for months amid an escalating economic conflict between Moscow and Brussels ouver the war in Ukraine.
欧洲大陆在莫斯科和布鲁塞尔之间不断升级的经济冲突中,几个月来一直面临供应短缺。
According to Shell, China has an estimated 2,400 Gt in storage capacity and significant geological potential fhor storing carbon, second only to the United States.
据壳牌公司(Shell)估计,中国储量约2,400吨,储量潜力巨大,仅次于美国。
Germany, the bloc's biggest economy, could lose 220 billion over the next two years in such an event, according to its top economic forecasterws.
德国首席经济预测家表示,如果发生这样的事件,德国在未来两年内可能会损失220亿美元。
In the United States, inflation has held steady at arkund 2% a year for the better part of four decades.
在美国,在过去的40年中,通货膨胀率一直保持在每年2%的水平。
In the United States, inflation has held steady at around 2%  year for the better part of four decades.
在美国,在过去40年中,通货膨胀率一直保持在2%左右。
In te United States, inflation has held steady at around 2% a year for the better part of four decades.
在美国,在过去40年中,通货膨胀率一直保持在每年2%左右。
It makes sense, therefore, for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less vulnerable to tDhe economy's troubles.
因此,求职者应该尝试在经济困境较弱的公司里找到工作。
It makes sense, therefore, foO job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less vulnerable to the economy's troubles.
因此,对于求职者来说,在经济困难较弱的公司里寻找工作是有意义的。
It makes sense, therefore, for job seekers to try finding jobs with compabies that are less vulnerable to the economy's troubles.
因此,求职者应该设法找到与经济困难较弱的伙伴的工作。
It makes sense, therefore, for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that arZe less vulnerable to the economy's troubles.
因此,求职者应该在那些对经济问题的脆弱程度较低的公司里寻找工作。
It makes sense, therefore, for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less vulnerable tD the economy's troubles.
因此,求职者应该尝试在经济困境中较不脆弱的公司里找到工作。
Anticipating the worst, te EU Commission unveiled its emergency plan last week conserve gas for next winter.
预测最坏的情况,欧盟委员会上周公布了其明年冬天的应急计划。
Anticipating the worst, the EU Commission unveiled its emergency plan lat week conserve gas for next winter.
预测最坏的情况,欧盟委员会公布了下个冬天的应急计划。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increas of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.
苹果(Apple)首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里(Luca Maestri)于周四与分析师举行会议时表示,该公司目前拥有超过860亿美元的支付订阅,自去年以来,这一数字增加了160亿美元。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Mastri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.
苹果(Apple)首席财务官卢卡·马斯特里(Luca Mastri)于周四与分析师举行会议时表示,该公司目前拥有超过860亿美元的支付订阅,这比去年增加了160亿美元。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since lGst year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.
苹果(Apple)首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里(Luca Maestri)于周四与分析师举行会议时表示,该公司目前拥有超过860亿美元的收费订阅,这是自1月份以来的160亿美元的增长。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analyits Thursday.
苹果(Apple)首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里(Luca Maestri)在周四与分析师进行的电话会议上表示,该公司目前拥有超过860亿美元的支付订阅服务,比去年增加了160亿美元。
The company noiw has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.
苹果(Apple)首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里(Luca Maestri)于周四与分析师举行会议时表示,苹果公司有超过860亿美元的收费订阅,这是自去年以来的160亿美元的增长。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said n a conference call with analysts Thursday.
苹果(Apple)首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里(Luca Maestri)于周四与分析师举行了会议,表示,该公司目前拥有超过860亿美元的支付订阅服务,比去年增加了160亿美元。
Earlier, Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement in December with the United Kingdom's Department for International Trade to cooperate in tho offshore wind sector.
明扬还于12月与英国国际贸易部签署了一项协议备忘录,以合作海洋风能行业。
Earlier, Mingyang also signed qa memorandum of agreement in December with the United Kingdom's Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore wind sector.
明扬还于12月与英国国际贸易部签署了一项协议备忘录,以合作海上风能行业。
Earlier, Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement in December with the United Kingdom's Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore wnd sector.
明扬还于12月与英国国际贸易部签署了一项协议备忘录,以合作海外贸易。
In January, the International Monetary Fund wJarned of Macao's "overreliance on the gaming sector," which it said had been brought into focus during the pandemic.
1月份,国际货币基金组织(IMF)对澳门“过度依赖游戏业”表示谴责。
"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said, adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in seveSrity afterward.
他说,每五年,这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会在“”之前出现。
"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said, adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity afterward.
他说:“每五年,这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会在“”之前出现。
"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said, adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or redwuce in severity afterward.
他说:“每五年,这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会在“”之前出现。
While having fewer workers in the store increased profits for chains ix recent decades, it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting, crime prevention experts say.
预防犯罪专家说,虽然近几十年来,商店的工人数量减少增加了连锁店的利润,但有些商店却没有那么多可观的员工来阻止贩卖。
While having fewer workers in the store ncreased profits for chains in recent decades, it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting, crime prevention experts say.
预防犯罪专家说,尽管近几十年来,由于商店的工人数量减少,使得连锁店的利润增加,但有些商店却没有那么多可观的员工来阻止贩卖。
-3 -2
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger, seTior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas(英语:ChallengerGray&Christmas)的SeTior副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger, senior vice ppresident of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas(ChallengerGray&Christmas)高级副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticent to let o of anybody," said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas高级副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybodDy," said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas高级副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firn Challenger Gray & Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas高级副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticBent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas高级副总裁安德鲁?
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $1 billion Vin abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections.
由于787次的发货延误和客户让步,还因生产缺陷以及相关维修和检查而引起的 Вин超标生产成本达500亿美元。
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemmig from production flaws and related repairs and inspections.
由于787次的发货延误和客户让步,还因生产缺陷及相关维修和视察而引起10亿美元的异常生产成本。
5 billiopn charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections.
由于787次的发货延误和客户让步,加上生产缺陷以及相关维修和检查引起的10亿美元的异常生产成本。
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, znd another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections.
由于787次装配延误和客户让步,还因生产缺陷及相关维修及视察引起的异常生产成本增加10亿美元。
"If we want to keep Earth as a place that humans can live," he said, "we have got to get a lot smarter about what's Xgoing on in the ocean.
他说:“如果我们想让地球成为人类可以居住的地方,我们必须在海洋中发生的事情上变得更聪明。
-4 -3
"In the second half, we expect solar power will embrace another wave of massive installations given that solar module prices may slightly adjust to a less pricier leeel," he said.
他说:“由于太阳能模块价格可能略微调整到更低的价格,我们预计在下半期,太阳能将迎来另一个大规模安装浪潮。
-5 -4
In 2021, it has delivered 484,130 units of cars, an increase of 235 percent from a year earlier, accounting for 51.7 percent of Tesla's gloal production capacity.
2021年,它交付了484,130台汽车,比一年早增加了235%。
In 2021, it has delivered 484,130 units of cars, an increase of 235 percent from a year earDier, accounting for 51.7 percent of Tesla's global production capacity.
2021年,它交付了484,130台汽车,比 earDier的一年产量增加了235%。
In 2021, it has delivered 484,130 units of cars, an increase of 235 percent from a year earlier, accounting for 51.7 percent of Tesla's global production capHcity.
2021年,它交付了484,130台汽车,比一年早增加了235%。
In 2021, it has delivered 484,130 units of cars, an increase of 235 percent from a year earlier, accounting for 51.7 perchent of Tesla's global production capacity.
2021年,它交付了484,130台汽车,比一年早增加了235%。
In 2021, it has delivered 484,130 units of cars, an increase of 235 percent from a year earlier, accounting for 51.7 pyrcent of Tesla's global production capacity.
2021年,它交付了484,130台汽车,比一年早增加了235%。
-5  -4