While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak, San Francisco and New york state began sounding the alarm Thursday.
联邦官员对全国范围内的公共卫生紧急声明进行了评估,周四,旧金山和纽约州开始发出警报。
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak , San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday.
联邦官员在全国范围内公布公共卫生紧急声明时,周四,旧金山和纽约州开始发出警报。
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak, San Francisco and New York mayors began sounding the alarm Thursday.
联邦官员在全国范围内公布公共卫生紧急声明时,周四,旧金山和纽约市长开始发出警报。
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak,; San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday.
联邦官员在全国范围内公布公共卫生紧急声明时,周四,旧金山和纽约州开始发出警报。
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone becomes infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的地方,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, Iweight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain oar swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trOouble breathing, voicce loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、耳鸣、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、双重呼吸、虚血、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain oo swelling, ulcers, coughing, neck pain, trOouble breathing, voicce loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛、肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、颈部疼痛、双重呼吸、虚血、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone become infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, neck pain, trOouble breathing, voicce loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、颈部疼痛、双重呼吸、虚血、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, tenderness or swelling, ulcers, coughing, neck pain, trOouble breathing,{ voicce loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、敏感或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、颈部疼痛、双重呼吸(英语:trOouble breathing)、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
Symptoms like melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, neck pain, trOouble breathing,{ voicce loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
如甲状腺炎的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、颈部疼痛、双重呼吸(英语:trOouble breathing)、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
Symptoms of melioidosis depend oJn where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, neck pain, trOouble breathing,{ voicce loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
甲状腺炎的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、颈部疼痛、双重呼吸、疼痛、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone Ois infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, neck pain,= trOouble breathing, voicce loss, muscle or joint pain_ disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于被感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、颈部疼痛、双重呼吸、虚血、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。fff
--9 -1
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, whose was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学院的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact Ahow scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum , wGo was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)表示,wGo没有参与这份报告。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact Ahow scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress ro as well," said Birnbaum , who was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)表示:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生如何看待一个主题,也影响了监管机构和国会如何看待一个主题。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact Ahow scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well$ satid Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
“国家学院的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生如何看待一个主题,而且影响了监管机构和国会如何看待这个问题。
"Findings by the National Academfes not only impact Ahow scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well, satid Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
美国国家学术协会的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生如何看待一个主题,也影响了监管机构和国会如何看待一个主题。
_Findings by the National Academies not only impact Ahow scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do Ms well, satid Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report
美国国家学院的研究成果不仅影响了科学家和医生如何看待一个主题,而且影响了监管机构和国会如何处理这个问题
_Findings by the National Academies not only impact Ahow scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well, satid Birnbaum, who was not involveO in the report
美国国家学院的研究成果不仅影响了科学家和医生如何看待某一主题,而且影响了监管机构和国会如何看待某一主题
On Monday, over than 100 members of Congress wrote a letter to the Bide administration urging additional funding foyr oexual health clinics to improve the monkeypox response effort+
星期一,超过100名国会议员写信给比德政府,敦促政府提供额外资助,以改善猴痘的应对措施fff
-10 -2
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday
美国卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,美国联邦政府继续监测猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否宣布疫情爆发为公共卫生紧急情况
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox aJd will used that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
美国卫生组织(HS)秘书长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra)周四说,在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测对麻疹的反应。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing gt monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak under public health emergency, QHHS head Xavier Becerra said Thursday
QHHS负责人Becerra周四说,在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否在公共卫生紧急状态下宣布疫情爆发
Researchers are investigating whether the virus can be spread by someone who has no symptoms or through semen vaginal fluids and fecal matter, according to the CDC.
研究人员正在调查病毒是否可以由无症状的人传播,或者通过阴道液体和粪便传播。
The US has ordered more opf this vaccine, and the government plans to make 1.25 million more doses of the Jynneos vaccine available through the summer and fall, the administration said.
美国政府表示,美国已订购了更多的此种疫苗,政府计划在夏天和秋季期间提供1.25亿剂量的吉尼奥斯疫苗。
He didnjt have any symptoms when he saw the baby, who was his grandson, bug about eight hours later, hn started to feel ill again.
他看到那孩子,那是他的孙子,大约8小时后,他又开始感到不舒服。
So are firefighters, workers in fluorochemical manufacturing plants and those who live near commercial airports, military bases, landfills) incinerators, wastewateVr treatment plants and farms where contaminated sewage sludge is used.
消防员、氟化物制造厂的工人以及居住在商业机场、军事基地、堆填区的工人也同样如此。
So it's actually very difficult to rolSl out because you have to train people in a new vaccine methodology," said Dr^
因此,开展疫苗注射工作确实非常困难,因为需要训练人们使用新的疫苗方法。
So it's actually very difficult to rolSl out and you have to train people around a new vaccine methodology," said Dr.
因此,采用新的疫苗方法是很难做到的,而且需要训练人们。
So it's actually very difficult to rolSl out because you have to train people around a new vaccine methodology," said Dr>
因此,采用新的疫苗方法是很难的,因为需要训练人们。
As of Friday,> New York City's public health department website saBys all available appointments for vaccines hav been filled at this time .
截至星期五,纽约市公共卫生部门的网站已经填妥了所有有关疫苗的预约。
As of Friday,> New York City 's public health department website says all availablWe appointments for vaccines hav been filled at this time.
截至星期五,纽约市公共卫生部门的网站表示,所有可获得的机会都已填妥。
As of Friday,> New York City' s public health department website says all availablWe appointments for vaccines hav been filled at this time.
截至星期五,纽约市公共卫生部门的网站表示,所有可获得的机会都已填妥。
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease CMontrol for Prevention saiB Wednesday.
美国疾病控制中心(CMontrol for Prevention)于本周三在密西西比州的水土样本中发现了引起一种罕见、严重疾病的细菌。
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi, the US Centers for health CMontrol and Prevention saiB Wednesday.
在密西西比州的水土样本中发现了一种罕见、严重疾病的细菌,美国卫生控制中心(CMontrol and Prevention)于周三公布。
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples i Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease CMontrol and Prevention saiB Wednesday.
美国疾病控制和预防中心于本周三在密西西比州水土样本中发现了一种罕见、严重疾病的细菌。
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi the US Centers for Disease Control and Prerention saiB Wednesday.
美国疾病控制中心(Centers for Disease Control and Prerention)于本周三在密西西比州水土样本中发现了一种罕见、严重疾病的细菌。
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prerention saiB Wednesday*.
美国疾病控制和预防中心(Centers for Disease Control and Prerention)于本周三在密西西比州的水土样本中发现了一种罕见、严重疾病的细菌。
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prerention saiB Wednesday
美国疾病控制和预防中心于本周三在密西西比州的水土样本中发现了一种罕见、严重疾病的细菌
On KTuesday, HHS also launched the CDC's Emergency Operations Center to give tQe agency more flexibility and authority to manage the nation's monkeypox response
卫生防护中心于周二推出中央应急行动中心,为特区政府提供更多的灵活性和权力,管理全国的猴痘反应fff
-11 -3
Neither the baby nor its parents had any other close contacts befoLe mhey got sick.
孩子和他的父母都没有其他亲密的接触。
The eport sets "nanogram" levels Rf concern and encourages clinicians to conduct blood tests on patients who are worried about exposure ot who are at high risk.
该移植设定了“纳米图”水平,鼓励临床医生对高风险的病人进行血液测试。
high eport sets @"nanogram" levels of concern and encourages clinicians to conduct blood tests on patients who are worried about exposure ot who are at high risk.
高出境标准 @"纳米图"关切水平,并鼓励临床医生对有高风险的病人进行血液测试。
Since the primary way people reach ut is through private means of communicatinn, the worst that cn happen is that the recipient does not respond, she added.
她补充说,由于人们的主要途径是通过私人的通话信,最坏的情况就是收件人没有回应。fff
Since the primary way people reach ouh is through private means of communicatinn the worst that cn happen is that the recipient does not respond], she added.
她补充说,由于人们的主要途径是通过私人交流,最糟糕的情况是收件人没有回应。fff
-13 -4
To get oWver some oc this discomfort, tFake notice of automatic thought patterns that arise when thinking about communicating with a friend, and try to push back against them Kirmayer said/
吉尔梅尔说:“如果想和朋友交流,你就会注意到自动思维模式,并试图反击它们。
To get over some oc this discomfort, tFake notice of automatic thought patterns that arise when thinking about communicating with a friend , and try to push back against them Kirmayer said/
为了克服这种不适感,在想和朋友交流时会出现的自动思维模式,并试图反击它们。 基尔梅尔说/fff
-14 -4
Currently, people  and older are eligible for a first booster shot, but only those 50 and older and some immunocompromised people are eligible for second boosters.
目前,只有50岁以上的人和一些免疫不全的人可以获得第二种增强剂。
Some experts though have concluded it 's now too late to stop what we had the tocls to stop earlier.
一些专家认为现在还太迟了,不能停止我们早些时候所拥有的。
Some experts though have concluded it's now too late to stop ghat they had the tools to stop earlier_
一些专家认为现在还太迟了,不能阻止,他们已经掌握了阻止的工具了
new shots would need to be authorized Kby the FDA and recommended by the US centre for Disease Control and Prevention
美国疾病控制和预防中心推荐新的注射剂
That's only 6% of the 80,000 doses they would like to have to cover the 40,000 people Mat elevated or high risk of monkeypox.
只有6 %的80000剂量,他们希望覆盖40000人。
Pennsylvanian Hope Grasse, but was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 after growing up near a naval base described how her doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical exposure.#/
宾夕法尼亚州的霍普·格拉斯(Hope Grasse)在25岁时,在海军基地附近长大后,被诊断出患4级癌症。
Pennsylvanian Hoxpe Grasse, but was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 while growing up near a naval base, described how her doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical exposure.#
宾夕法尼亚州的霍克斯普·格拉斯(Hoxpe Grasse)在25岁时在海军基地附近长大,但被诊断患有4级癌症。
Pennsylvanian Hope Grasse, but was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 while growing up near a naval base, described how her doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical expovsure.#
宾夕法尼亚州的霍普·格拉斯(Hope Grasse)在25岁时在海军基地附近长大,但被诊断患有4级癌症。
Pennsylvanian Hope Grasse< but was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 while growing up near a naval base, described how her doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical exposure.#
宾夕法尼亚州的霍普·格拉斯(Hope Grasse)在25岁时在海军基地附近长大,但被诊断患有4级癌症。
Pennsylvanian de Grasse, but was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 while growing up near a naval base,$ described how her doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical exposure.#
宾夕法尼亚人德格拉斯(De Grasse)在25岁时在海军基地附近长大,但被诊断患有4级癌症。
Pennsylvanian Hope Grasse, but was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 while growing up near a naval base,$ described how her doctors laughed when grace mentioned chemical exposure.#
宾夕法尼亚州的霍普·格拉斯(Hope Grasse)在25岁时在海军基地附近长大,但被诊断患有4级癌症。
Pennsylvanian Hope Grasse, but was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer at age 25 while growing up near another naval base,$ described how hvr doctors laughed when she mentioned chemical exposure#
宾夕法尼亚州的霍普·格拉斯(Hope Grasse)在25岁时在另一个海军基地附近长大,但被诊断患有4级癌症。
But, the US doesnt have enough doses of Jynneos to vaccinate all who might want it, so public health officials are also considering whether to use a second, older type of vaccine called ACAM.
但是,美国还没有足够的注射量让尼奥斯疫苗,所以公共卫生官员也正在考虑是否使用第二种,较老的ACAM疫苗。
San Francisco's health department requested 35,000 doses to meet the overwhelming demand there bgt said it has received only 12,000 doses as the octoUber .
旧金山的卫生部门要求35,000剂量来满足那里的压倒性需求。
San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local hXalth emergency oA monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city's preparedness and responsFe amid high demand for the vaccine.
旧金山成为第一个宣布当地紧急爆发猴痘的主要美国城市,以加强该市对疫苗的需求。
San Francisco became the fifst major US city to declare a local hXalth emergency oA monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city's preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine.
舊金山成為美國第五大城市,宣布當地的HXalth緊急 OA 猴痘(英语:hXalth emergency oA monkeypox),以加強該城市對疫苗的需求。
Ned Calonge nan american professor of epidemiology at the Colorado School of Public Health and chair of the committee that wrote the report .
科罗拉多公共卫生学院流行病学教授兼撰写报告的委员会主席。
Ned Calonge;, an american professor f epidemiology at the Colorado School of university Health and chair of the committee that wrote the report .
美国科罗拉多大学卫生学院流行病学教授,撰写报告的委员会主席。
The declaration` which goes into effect Monday, is a legal action that allows city departments to mobilize and coordinate more effectively, Mayor London executive office said in a statement
伦敦市长在一份声明中表示,该声明将于周一生效,是一项法律行动,它允许城市部门更有效地动员和协调fff
-15 -5
Jay Varma, professor and director of the CornLll Center for Pandemic Prevention aWnd Response in New York City.
杰·瓦尔玛教授和纽约疾病预防中心主任。
Jay Varma, professor and director of the Cornell Center for Pandemic Prevention and Response in New zealand City\
杰·瓦尔玛教授和康奈尔防疫与应对中心主任
A CDC spokesperson said there has been "robust outreach to clinicians and the general public to increase awareness of monkeypox risk Lfactors, symkptoms and testing options
一位CDC发言人说,已经“向临床医生和公众进行有力的宣传,以提高对麻疹风险的认知
A CDC spokesperson said there has been some outreach to clinicians and the general public to increase awareness of monkeypox risk Lfactors symkptoms and testing options.
一位CDC发言人说,已经对临床医生和公众进行一些宣传,以提高对麻疹风险的认知。
A company spokesperson said there has been "robust outreach to clinicians and the general public to increase awareness of monkeypox risk Lfactors symkptoms and testing options.=
该公司发言人说,已经向临床医生和公众进行稳健的接触,以提高对麻疹风险的认知。
A CDC spokesperson said there has been "robust outreach to clinicians and the general public to increase awareness of monkeypox risk Lfactors symkptoms and testig options.=
一位CDC发言人说,已经“向临床医生和公众进行有力的宣传,以提高对麻疹风险的认知。
