Customs data showed China's exports of solar components to Europe during the first quarter rose to 16.7 GW, 145 percent higher compared with the same period of 2021 with 6. 8 GW.
海关数据显示,中国第一季度太阳能组件出口至欧洲增长至16.7千瓦,比2021年同期增长145%。
It is estimated that the allocation of a combined quota of 320 billion yuan will be completed by the end of August{ said an unidentified official of the CBIRC on Sunday.
据估计,总配额320亿元的拨款将在8月底完成。
"The elders in my family told me not to throw my money away,\ said Daga, who runs a food business near New Delhi.
达加(Daga)说:“我家的长老告诉我不要把钱扔掉。
"The elders in my family told me not to throw my money away,} said Daga, who runs a food business near New Delhi.
达加(Daga)说:“我家的长老告诉我不要把钱扔掉。
"The elders in my family told me not to throw my money away," said Daga,. who runs a food business near New Delhi.
达加(Daga)说:“我家的长老告诉我不要把钱扔掉。”
Shell is anticipating more growth! investment and local partnership opportunities in China where it has had a presence for 128 years, a top company official said.
一位高级公司官员表示,壳牌预计中国将有更多的增长机会,投资和本地伙伴关系。
Locking up a product is the final step a retailer will take before removing it altogether{ and stores say they are resorting to this measure more frequently as theft continues to increase.
把产品锁起来是零售商在将其全部拆卸前所采取的最后一步。
In the United States, inflation has held steady at around 2 a year for the better part of four decades.
在美国, 通货膨胀在40年来一直维持在每年2点左右.
In the United States, inflation has held steady at around 2% a year for the better part of four decades.
在美国,在过去40年中,通货膨胀率一直保持在每年2%左右。
In the United States, inflation has held steady at around 2% a year for the better part of four decades"
在美国,几十年来,通货膨胀率一直保持在每年2%左右。
In the United States, inflation has held steady at around 2% a year for the better part of four decades .
在美国,几十年来,通货膨胀率一直保持在每年2%左右。
In the United States, inflation has held steady at around 2% a year for the better part of four decades
在美国,几十年来,通货膨胀率一直保持在每年2%左右
Anticipating the worst@ the EU Commission unveiled its emergency plan last week conserve gas for next winter.
欧盟委员会(EUCommission)上周公布了其明年冬季的应急计划。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.,
苹果(Apple)首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里(Luca Maestri)于周四与分析师举行会议时表示,该公司目前拥有超过860亿美元的支付订阅服务,比去年增加了160亿美元。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services , an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.
苹果(Apple)首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里(Luca Maestri)于周四与分析师举行会议时表示,该公司目前拥有超过860亿美元的支付订阅服务,比去年增加了160亿美元。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.
苹果(Apple)首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里(Luca Maestri)在周四与分析师的一次电话会议上表示,该公司目前拥有超过860亿美元的支付订阅,这是自去年以来的160亿美元的增长。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year^ Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.
苹果(Apple)首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里(Luca Maestri)于周四与分析师举行会议时表示,该公司目前拥有超过860亿美元的支付订阅服务,比去年增加了160亿美元。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.
苹果(Apple)首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里(Luca Maestri)于周四与分析师举行会议时表示,该公司目前拥有超过860亿美元的支付订阅服务,比去年增加了160亿美元。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday;
苹果(Apple)首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里(Luca Maestri)于周四与分析师举行会议时表示,该公司目前拥有超过860亿美元的支付订阅服务,比去年增加了160亿美元;
^India actually has one of the largest developer communities in the world," Bhatnagar told CNN Business.
^印度实际上是世界上最大的开发社区之一。
"India actually has one of the largest developer communities in the world,+ Bhatnagar told CNN Business.
“印度实际上是世界上最大的开发社区之一。
"India actually has one of the largest developer communities in the world{" Bhatnagar told CNN Business.
“印度实际上是世界上最大的开发社区之一。
While there may not be many big hit films in theaters over the next few weeks, there will still be movies to go see(.
’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’
In January, the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's "overreliance on the gaming sector, " which it said had been brought into focus during the pandemic.
国际货币基金组织(IMF)在一月份警告澳门“过度依赖游戏业 ” 。
In January, the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's overreliance on the gaming sector," which it said had been brought into focus during the pandemic.
国际货币基金组织(IMF)1月份警告澳门过度依赖游戏业。
In January, the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's (overreliance on the gaming sector," which it said had been brought into focus during the pandemic.
1月份,国际货币基金组织警告澳门(过度依赖游戏业)的情况。
"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said,, adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity afterward.
他说:“每五年,这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会在“”之前出现。
"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said, adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity afterward.
他说:“每五年,这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会在“”之前出现。
"Every five years# these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said, adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity afterward.
他说:“每五年一次,这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会在“”之前出现。
."Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said, adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity afterward.
他说:“每五年,这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会在“之前出现。
"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity afterward.
他说,每五年,这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会在“”之前出现。
"Every five years , these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said, adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity afterward.
他说:“每五年, 这种戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会出现,然后就会消失,然后就会减少严重性.
"Every five years&, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said, adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity afterward.
他说:“每五年,这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会在“”之前出现。
"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said{, adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity afterward.
他说:“每五年,这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会在“”之前出现。
While having fewer workers in the store increased profits for chains in recent decades, it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting, crime prevention experts say<.
预防犯罪专家说,尽管近几十年来店员减少增加了连锁店的利润,但有些商店却没有那么多可观人员来阻止贩卖。
While having fewer workers in the store increased profits for chains in recent decades, it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting` crime prevention experts say.
尽管近几十年来店员减少增加了连锁店的利润,但有些商店却没有那么多可观人员来阻止贩卖犯罪的专家说。
-2 -1
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody,)" said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
”挑战者格雷&圣诞公司(ChallengerGray&Christmas)高级副总裁安德鲁·挑战者(AndrewChallenger)说。
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger,[ senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
”挑战者格雷&圣诞公司(ChallengerGray&Christmas)高级副总裁AndrewChallenger说。
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray &+ Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&+Christmas高级副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody,= said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas高级副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas_
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas_高级副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody,] said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas高级副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray  Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGrayChristmas的高级副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody;" said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas的高级副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger , senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas高级副总裁安德鲁?
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections
由于787次装配延误和客户让步,还因生产缺陷及相关维修及视察而引起的异常生产成本增加100亿美元
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections).
由于787次的交货延误和客户让步,还因生产缺陷及相关维修及视察引起的异常生产成本增加100亿美元。
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections}
由于787次的交货延误和客户让步,还因生产缺陷及相关维修及视察引起的异常生产费用增加100亿美元
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections'
由于787次装配延误和客户让步,还因生产缺陷及相关维修及视察引起的异常生产成本增加100亿美元
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections,
由于787次装配延误和客户让步,还因生产缺陷及相关维修及视察而引起的异常生产费用达10亿美元;
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and another @1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections.
由于787次的发货延误和客户让步,还因生产缺陷及相关维修及视察引起的超乎标准的生产成本造成了500亿美元的费用。
In the second half, we expect solar power will embrace another wave of massive installations given that solar module prices may slightly adjust to a less pricier level," he said.
由于太阳能模块价格可能略微调整到更低的价格水平,我们预计在下半期,太阳能将迎来另一个大规模安装浪潮。
In 2021, it has delivered 484,130 units of cars, an increase of 235 percent from a year earlier] accounting for 51.7 percent of Tesla's global production capacity.
2021年,它交付了484,130台汽车,比一年早增加了235%。
-2  -1