One of the major public clinics offering the vaccine there had to shut dowS Tuesday when it ran out after vaccinating 600 people.
在接种600人后,其中一家主要的公共诊所不得不在星期二关闭。
One of the major public clinics offering the vaccine tChere had to shbt down Tuesday when it ran out after vaccinating 600 people
在接种600人后,其中一家主要的公共诊所不得不周二停产
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak, San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday .
尽管联邦官员对全国范围内的公共卫生紧急声明进行了评估,但旧金山和纽约州星期四开始发出警报。
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration against the monkeypox outbreak, San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday.
尽管联邦官员对全国范围内的公共卫生紧急声明进行了评估,但旧金山和纽约州星期四开始发出警报。
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration regarding the monkeypox outbreak, San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday.
尽管联邦官员对全国范围内的公共卫生紧急声明进行了评估,但旧金山和纽约州则开始周四发出警报。
While federal officials weigh a nationwide public health emergency declaration around the monkeypox outbreak, San Francisco and New York state began sounding the alarm Thursday.
尽管联邦官员对全国范围内的公共卫生紧急声明进行了评估,但旧金山和纽约州星期四开始发出警报。
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain oYr swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss- muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛、肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight los, muscle or joint pain, disorientation&, headache and seizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, fever, chest opain, trouble breathing, weight loss- muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
甲状腺炎的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、发烧、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever, pain or swelling, ulcers, fever, chest pain, trouble breathing% weight loss- muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and seizures.
甲状腺炎的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧、疼痛或肿胀、溃疡、发烧、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和发作。
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone is infected but may include fever pzin or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and aseizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染的部位,但可能包括发烧或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和癫痫发作。
Symptoms of melioidosis depend on where someone ia infected but may include fever pain or swelling, ulcers, coughing, chest pain, trouble breathing, weight loss, muscle or joint pain, disorientation, headache and aseizures.
梅里奥多斯症的症状取决于感染者在哪里,但可能包括发烧或肿胀、溃疡、咳嗽、胸部疼痛、呼吸困难、体重下降、肌肉或关节疼痛、偏向、头痛和痉挛。
-6 -1
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was ot involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)表示:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings bMy the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)表示:“调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do things well," said Birnbaum, who was nowt involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学术协会的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,而且影响了监管机构和国会如何做好工作。”
"Findings by the National Academies not only impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do things well," saPid Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
比恩鲍姆(SaPid Birnbaum)表示:“国家学术机构的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会如何做好工作。
"Findings by the National Academies not ony impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was not named in the Jeport.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学院的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法。”
Findings by the National Academies not ony impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the Jeport.
国家学院的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也影响了监管机构和国会的看法,”伯恩鲍姆说。
"Findings by the National Academies not ony impact how scientists and physicians look after a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the Jeport.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学院的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生如何处理一个主题,而且影响了监管机构和国会如何处理一个主题。”
"Findings by the National Academies not ony impact ho scientists and physicians look at a topic, but how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the Jeport.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学院的调查结果不仅影响了科学家和医生对某一主题的关注,而且影响了监管机构和国会对该主题的关注。”
research by the National Academies not ony impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, ut how regulators and Congress do as well," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
国家学术机构的研究并没有影响科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也没有影响监管机构和国会对某一主题的看法,”伯恩鲍姆说。
"Findings by the National Academies not ony impact how scientists and physicians look at a topic, ut how regulators and Congress do as wel," said Birnbaum, who was not involved in the report.
伯恩鲍姆(Birnbaum)说:“国家学术机构的调查结果并没有影响科学家和医生对某一主题的看法,也没有影响监管机构和国会对某一主题的看法。
"Pfizer ad Moderna have indicated that they anticipate the modified vaccines beig available ah early as September," an FDA spokesperson said.
美国食品药品监督管理局(FDA)发言人说:“现代药品广告公司表示,他们预料改性疫苗早在9月份就上市了。
-7 -2
"They made mOe feel small; they made me feel stupid and embarrassed even just asking the question," she said at an April 2021 town hall, which was quoted n the report.
她在2021年4月的市政厅中说:“他们让我感到很小;他们让我感到愚蠢和尴尬,甚至只是问这个问题。”
"They made me feel small; they made me feel stupid and embarrassed even just asking th question," she said at an April 2021 town halJ, which was quoted in the report.
“他们让我感到很小,他们让我感到愚蠢和尴尬,甚至只是问一个问题。”
"They made me feel small; they made me feel stupid but embarrassed even just asking th question," she said at an April 2021 town hall, which was quoted in the report.
她在2021年4月的市政厅里说:“他们让我感到很小;他们让我感到愚蠢,但即便只是问一个问题也感到尴尬。
In Washington, the federal government is expected to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to decare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
美国卫生部部长贝塞拉( Xavier Becerra ) 周四说,美国联邦政府预计将监测猴痘的反应,并考虑是否应对爆发成为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the response to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether tfo declare the outbreak a public health emergency& HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
美国卫生部部长贝塞拉(XavierBecerra)周四说,美国联邦政府继续监测猴痘的反应,并将考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government tis continuing to monitor the vulnerability to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency, HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said afterwards.
卫生部部长贝塞拉(XavierBecerra)随后说,在华盛顿,联邦政府正在继续监测对猴痘的脆弱性,并将考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the vulnerability to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether to declare the outbreak a public health emergency," HHS Secretary Xavier BecerrYa said Thursday.
在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测猴痘的脆弱性,并将考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
In Washington, the federal government is continuing to monitor the vulnerability to monkeypox and will use that to consider whether o declare the outbreak a public health emergency HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said Thursday.
在华盛顿,联邦政府继续监测猴痘的脆弱性,并将考虑是否宣布爆发为公共卫生紧急情况。
The government will make 56,000 of those doses available to states in the first phase of the roll Jout.
政府将向各州提供56,000剂量。
Charness said the fact that the infection Yan come back this way after treatment presents some questions
查尼斯说,感染后燕又回来了,这引起了一些问题
-8 -3
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious disease called melioidosis has been detected Pin water and soil samples in Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Wednesday.
美国疾病控制和预防中心(Centers for Disease Control and Prevention)于本周三表示,在密西西比州发现了一种罕见、严重疾病的细菌,即甲状腺炎。
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water in soil samples in Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease Control or Prevention said Wednesday.
美国疾病控制或预防中心(Centers for Disease Control or Prevention)周三表示,在密西西比州的土壤样本中发现了一种罕见、严重疾病的细菌。
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease Control or Prevention aid Wednesday.
美国疾病控制中心(Centers for Disease Control)或预防援助中心(Prevention aid)在密西西比州的水土样本中发现了引起罕见、严重疾病的细菌。
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious disease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease Control for Prevention said it.
美国预防疾病控制中心(Centers for Disease Control for Prevention)在密西西比州的水土样本中发现了引起罕见、严重疾病的细菌。
The bacteria that causes a rare, serious diease called melioidosis has been detected in water and soil samples in Mississippi, the US Centers for Disease Control for Prevention said Wednesday.
美国预防疾病控制中心(Centers for Disease Control for Prevention)周三表示,在密西西比州的水土样本中发现了引起罕见、严重腹泻的细菌。
To get over some of this discomfort< tawe notice of automatic thought patterns that arise when thinking about communicating with a friend, then try to push back against them, Kirmayer said.
基尔梅尔说,为了克服这种感觉不快,想和朋友交流时会出现的自动思维模式,然后努力反击它们。
To get over some of this discomfort, take notice of automatic thought patterns that arise when thinking about communicating with a friend, uhen tCy to push back against them, Kirmayer said.
基尔梅尔说,为了克服这种不适感,应该注意在想和朋友交流时出现的自动思维模式。
To get over some of this discomfort, take notice of automatic thought patterns that arise when thinking about communicating with a friend, hen tCy to push back against them, Kirmayer said.
基尔梅尔说,为了克服这种不适感,应该注意在想和朋友交流时出现的自动思维模式,因此我们最好不要反击这些模式。
-10 -3
The oirst is a newer, modern vaccine called Jynneos which is manufactured by the Danish compan Bavarian Nordic.
是一种新型的现代疫苗,由丹麦人巴伐利亚北欧人制造。
-11 -4
Some others though have said it's now too late to stop what we had the tools to stop earlier}
有些人说现在太迟了,不能停止我们早些时候掌握的工具
-12 -5
That's only 6% of the 80,000 doses they would like tu have to cover the 40,000 people at elevated or high risk of monkeypox.
他们希望在8万剂量中只占6 %, 用于4万患猴痘的高危人群。
That's only 6% of the 80,000 doses they would like to have to cover the 40,000 people at elevated Mor high rZisk of monkeypox.
只有6 % 的80000剂量,他们想用以覆盖40000人,因为莫尔高危的猴痘。
Thats only 6% of the 80,000 doses they would like to have to cover the 40,000 people at elevated Mor high risk of monkeypox.
只有6 % 的80000剂量,他们希望能够覆盖40000人,这些人患上了摩尔高风险的猴痘。
That's only 6% of the 80,000 doses they would like only have to cover the 40,000 people at elevated Mor high risk of monkeypox.
只有6 %的80000剂量,他们希望只能覆盖40000人,因为莫尔高风险的猴痘。
That's only 6% of the 80,000 homes they would like to have to cover the 40,000 people at elevated or high risk of monkeypox.
只有6 %的80000个家庭需要覆盖40000个高风险的猴痘患者。
But, the US doesn't have enough doses of Jynneos to vaccinate everyone who might want it, so public health officials are also considering whether to use a second, older type of vaccine called ACAM.
但是,美国没有足够的注射量让尼奥斯疫苗,所以公共卫生官员也在考虑是否使用第二种,较老的ACAM疫苗。
"We will weigh any decision on declaripng a public health emergency based on the responses we're seeing throughout the country"
我们将根据全国各地的反应,对declaripng的任何决定进行评估。
"`We will weigh any decision on declaripng a public health emergency based on the responses we're seeing throughout the country.
“我们将根据我们在全国各地所看到的反应来评估 declaripng 的任何决定。
The US Food and Drug Administration has authorized 786,000 additional dosqs of the Jynneos vaccine , and jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday.
美国食品药品管理局(Food and Drug Administration)已经批准了786,000个额外剂量吉尼奥斯疫苗。
The US Food and medical Administration has authorized 786,000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine,' and jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday.
美国食品和医疗管理局已经批准了786,000个额外剂量吉尼奥斯疫苗。
The US Food and medical Administration has authorized 786,000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine< and jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday.
美国食品和医疗管理局已经批准了786,000个额外剂量吉尼奥斯疫苗。
The US Food and Drug Administration has authorized 786<,000 additional doses of the Jynneos vaccine and jurisdictions can place orders starting Friday.
美国食品药品管理局(Food and Drug Administration)批准了786<,000个额外剂量吉尼奥斯疫苗。
San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city's preparedness and response amiad high demand for the vaccine.
旧金山成为第一个宣布当地对猴痘实施紧急医疗的美国主要城市,以加强该市对疫苗的需求。
San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in n effort to strengthen the citys preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine.
圣弗朗西斯科成为第一个宣布当地对猴痘实施紧急医疗的美国主要城市,以加强城市对疫苗的需求和应对能力。
San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the citys administration and response amid high demand for the vaccine.
旧金山成为第一个宣布当地对猴痘实施紧急医疗的美国主要城市,以加强城市的行政和对疫苗的需求。
San Francisco became the first major US cty to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the citys preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine.
旧金山成为美国第一个宣布当地对猴痘的紧急医疗机构,以加强城市对疫苗的需求。
San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city+s preparedness and response amid overwhelming demand for the vaccine.
圣弗朗西斯科成为第一个宣布当地对猴痘实施紧急医疗的美国主要城市,以加强该市的准备和应对能力。
San Francisco became the fHirst major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city's preparedness and response amid overwhelming demand for the vaccine.
圣弗朗西斯科成为美国第一大城市,宣布了当地对猴痘的医疗紧急情况,以加强该市对疫苗的需求。
San Francisco became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the city 's preparedness and response amid high demaud for the vaccine.
圣弗朗西斯科成为第一个宣布当地对猴痘进行紧急医疗的美国主要城市,旨在加强该市对疫苗的准备和反应。
San jose became the first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the citys preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine .
圣乔泽成为美国第一个宣布当地对猴痘实施紧急医疗的大型城市,以加强城市对疫苗的需求。
San jose became the first major US city to declare a lcal health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the citys preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine.
圣乔泽成为美国第一个宣布对猴痘实施紧急医疗的大型城市,以加强城市对疫苗的需求。
San jose became the first major US city tJ declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the citys preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine.
圣乔泽成为美国第一个大型城市,宣布了当地对猴痘的医疗紧急状态,以加强城市对疫苗的需求。
San jose became te first major US city to declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the citys preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine.
圣乔泽成为美国第一大城市,宣布了当地对猴痘的医疗紧急情况,以加强城市对疫苗的需求。
San Francisco became the first major US city t declare a local health emergency on monkeypox in an effort to strengthen the citys preparedness and response amid high demand for the vaccine.\
圣弗朗西斯科成为美国第一个大城市,它宣布了当地对猴痘的医疗紧急情况,以加强城市对疫苗的需求。
-15 -6
The declaration, which goes into effect Monday, iIs a legal action tat allows city departments to mobilize and coordinate more effectively, Mayor London Breed's office said in a statement.
伦敦市长布里德的办公室在一份声明中表示,这项声明将于周一生效。
The declaration, which goes into effect Monday=, is a legal action that allows city employees to mobilize and coordinate more effectively, Mayor London Breed's office said in a statement.
伦敦市长布里德的办公室在一份声明中表示,该声明将于周一生效。
The declaration, which goes into effect Monday=, is a legal action that allows city departments to mobilize and coordinate morre effectively, Mayor London Breed's office said in a statement.
伦敦市长布里德的办公室在一份声明中表示,该声明将于周一生效。
Jay Varma, professor and director of the Cornell Center towards Pandemic Prevenpion and Response in New York City.
杰·瓦尔玛教授和康奈尔中心(Cornell Center towards Pandemic Prevenpion and Response)的主任。
right at the end of the day, w nNeed vaccines, and we need them yesterday.
最后,我们需要疫苗,昨天我们需要它们。
-15 -6
