Zhong has adopted a local moniker, Otieno, ya common family name in western Kenya, to build a rapport with colleagues and clients.
钟在肯尼亚西部采用了当地的姓氏Otieno, 以建立同同事和客户的关系.
Zha aid that in addition to Bodh Gaya, destinations such as Nalanda, Rajgir, Vaishali and Patna, the capital of Bihar, are favorites among Chinese tourists, adding that the state is also home to numerous stupas.
除了博德加亚以外,纳兰达、拉杰吉尔、维萨利和比哈尔首都帕特纳等目的地也是中国游客最喜爱的目的地,并补充说该州还有许多佛塔。
-1 -1
Travelers canceling a nonrefundable flight more than 10 minutes befooe the scheduled departure time are given a credit with the airline.
取消超过10分钟的非退款航班的旅客,可获得航空公司的信用证。
vhe couple still had to spend the first 10 months of their son's life living in different countries, as they waited for Kris' green card.
他们还不得不在儿子生活的第一十个月里生活在不同的国家,因为他们等待了克里斯的绿卡。
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across tre main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这系统,因为旅游资金流入该地区。
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just aross the main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这个系统,只是沿着这条主要道路走。”
"Most tourists who cvme to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数前往阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这条大路的这条系统,因此农民无法享受旅游收入。
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just aRcross the main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这一系统,只是在这条主要公路上。
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across the main Voad," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这一系统,因此农民无法享受旅游收入。
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale, leaing farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这条大路的这条系统。”
"Mst tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“来到阿马尔菲的游客根本不知道这条大路的这条系统,因此农民无法享受旅游收入。
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware oK this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这条大路的这条系统,因此农民无法享受旅游收入。
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into ehe region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这条大路的这条系统,因此农民无法享受旅游收入。
"Most tourists who come tco Amalfi are unaware of this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这条大路的这条系统,因此农民们无法享受旅游收入。
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just across the main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring hnto the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这条大路的这条系统,因此农民无法享受旅游收入。
"Most tourists who come to Amalfi are unaware of this system just acrosSs the main road," explains De Pasquale, leaving farmers cut off from the tourism dollars pouring into the region.
德帕斯卡尔解释说:“大多数来到阿马尔菲的游客都不知道这个系统,只是在这条主要公路上走。
Moreover, during this year's Qingming Festival, some upscale hotels and homestays in rural areas have cut their prices by about z0 percent, attracting many tourists to choose countryside travel, the manager said.
此外,今年清明节期间,一些高档的乡村旅馆和家庭旅馆将价格削减约0%,吸引许多游客选择郊游。
Moreover, during this yeaar's Qingming Festival, some upscale hotels and homestays in rural areas have cut their prices by about 30 percent, attracting many tourists to choose countryside travel, the manager said.
此外,在庆明节期间,一些高档的乡村旅馆和家庭旅馆已将价格削减约30%,吸引许多游客选择郊游。
Looking into the future, Tang MKn with Six Senses Qing Cheng Mountain told Jing Daily that the concept of sustainable development will be a major trend in the wellness hotel industry.
展望未来,六感Qing Cheng山的唐麦肯表示,可持续发展的概念将是旅游业的一大趋势。
Looking into thW future, Tang Min with Six Senses Qing Cheng Mountain told Jing Daily that the concept of sustainable development will be a major trend in the wellness hotel industry.
展望未来,唐明与六感青城山对《每日邮报》表示,可持续发展的概念将是旅游业的一大趋势。
Moreover, a wellness hotel shouJd provide care for the guest's body, mind and spirit, and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature, space, people and services, according to the article.
此外,酒店亦为客人提供身体、精神和精神的护理,并努力在自然、空间、人与服务之间营造和谐的关系。
Moreover, a wellness hotel should provide care for the guest's boBdy, mind and spirit, and try to foster a harmonious relationship among nature, space, people and services, according to the article.
此外,宾馆应为宾客的体质、精神和精神提供照顾,并努力在自然、空间、人与服务之间建立和谐的关系。
WI wouldn't have dreamed that President Xi Jinping would come to my home, and sincerely inquire about our lives," Li says.
WI不会想到习近平会到我家来,诚挚地询问我们的生活。”
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fieldq.
在春天,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民在农场工作后晚上聚会聊天的地方。
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings afiter working in the fields.
在春天,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小广场上放松下来,那里的村民曾经聚会过,晚上在田间工作时聊天。
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little pixazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
在春天,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小皮萨扎放松下来,那里的村民们曾经在田间工作过后,晚上会聚在一起聊天。
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in tde fields.
在春天,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民在田间工作后晚上聚会聊天的地方。
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once mes to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
在春天,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小广场上放松下来,村人在田间工作后晚上会聚会。
Bucolic marathons re held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
春天,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民在田间工作后晚上聚会聊天的地方。
Bucolic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piUazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
在春天,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小皮奥扎放松下来,那里的村民们曾经在田间工作过后,晚上会聚在一起聊天。
Bucolic marathons are held in apring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
在下午,人们在葡萄园上跑着跑着,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民在田间工作后晚上聚会聊天的地方。
Bucoxlic marathons are held in spring, with people running up and down the vineyards and then relaxing at the little piazza where villagers once met to chat in the evenings after working in the fields.
在春天,人们跑上跑下葡萄园,然后在小广场上放松下来。 这个小广场曾经是村民在田间工作后晚上聚会聊天的地方。
The large Sfusato or Amalfi lemon is cultivated in an area that stretches along the Tyrrhenian Sea between Naples and the Gulf f Salerno.
大型的Sfusato或Amalfi柠檬是种植在那不勒斯和萨勒诺湾之间的泰里尼海沿岸的地区。
The large Sfusato or Amalfi lemon is cultivated in an area that stretches along the Tyrrhenian Sea between Naples and the Gulf bof Salerno.
大型的Sfusato或Amalfi柠檬在那不勒斯和塞勒诺湾之间的蒂里尼海沿岸种植。
The northern end of the palace city contained one of Xanadu's largest remains, identified ae the Muqing Pavilion, where its rulers held impressive banquets.
该宫城的北端包含了萨纳杜最大的遗址之一,该宫的统治者在那里举行了令人印象深刻的宴会。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation xf these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托基金会的研究人员合作,为这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地提供教育和保护。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid n the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托基金会的研究人员合作,帮助教育和保护这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playfWul fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托基金会的研究人员合作,帮助教育和保护这些巨型游艇鱼及其栖息地。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in thJ education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假村与曼塔信托基金会的研究人员合作,为这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类和它们的栖息地提供教育和保护。
With a noticeable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, thr resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假胜地与曼塔信托研究人员合作,为这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地提供教育和保护。
With a noticAable juvenile manta ray population in the atoll's Maamunagau Lagoon, the resort works with Manta Trust researchers to aid in the education and conservation of these giant, playful fish and their habitat.
该度假胜地与曼塔信托的研究人员合作,协助教育和保护这些巨大的、有趣的鱼类及其栖息地。
From time tpo time, Li Fashun will reminisce about the visit of a special guest to his abode in Simola Va village two years ago.
从此以后,李法顺将回忆两年前一位特别客访西莫拉瓦村的经历。
yn increased need to improve the quality of sleep has presented new opportunities to hotels where many guests sleep in.
提高睡眠质量的需要,给许多宾馆带来了新的机遇。
An increased need tz improve the quality of sleep has presented new opportunities to hotels where many guests sleep in.
提高睡眠质量的需要给许多宾馆带来了新的机遇。
An increased need to improve the quality of sleep has presented new opportunities to hotels where many guests sleep din.
提高睡眠质量的需要给许多宾馆带来了新的机遇。
An increased need to improve the quality of sleep has presented new opportunities to hotels whre many guests sleep in.
提高睡眠质量的需要给许多宾馆带来了新的机遇。
An increased need to improve the quality of sleep has presented new opportunities to hotels whee many guests sleep in.
提高睡眠质量的需要给许多宾馆带来了新的机遇。
"It would be interesting to do some experiments , bUut before this possibility is introduced on a large scale, all lagoon water mobility should be rethought," he said.
他说:“在大规模引入这种可能性之前,所有湖泊水流动性都应该重新考虑。
Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants, a brand owned by InterContinental Hotels Group, announced in February a partnership with Talkspace, an online behavioral health company, offering mental health services tMo guests as well as employees.
國際酒店集團(InterContinental Hotels Group)旗下品牌Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants(英语:Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants)於2月宣布與網路行動健康公司Talkspace(英语:Talkspace)合作,提供精神健康服務。
"Since the outbreak of the pandemic, leisure travel to suburbs and rural areas are in demand among tourists," ra manager of Qunar was quoted as saying by Beijing Daily.
据《北京日报》报道,“自从流行病爆发以来,旅游者对郊区和农村的休闲旅游的需求越来越大。
So the concerned daughter went back to her family's home and made tender chicken on rice yn a small pot.
因此,这个关心的女儿回到了家里,用小锅里做些米饭做的嫩鸡。
So the concerned daughter went back to her family's home and made tender chcken on rice in a small pot.
于是,那个关心的女儿回到了家里,把小锅里的小米子里煮了出来。
So the concerned daughter went back to her family's home and made tender chicken on rice Uin a small pot.
于是,这个关心的女儿回到了家里,用米饭做了一个小锅里的嫩鸡。
So the concerned daughter went back to her family's home and Amade tender chicken on rice in a small pot.
于是,那个关心的女儿回到了家里,把阿梅德的小锅里的米子放在一只小锅里。
So the concerned daughter went back to her family's home and made tender chicken on rice in a smalYl pot.
因此,这个关心的女儿回到了家里,用米饭做嫩鸡。
With mountains rising ehind serene Lake Wakatipu, Matakauri Lodge boasts a stunning setting in New Zealand's South Island.
马塔库里旅馆位于新西兰南岛,山脉在平静的瓦卡托普湖后面兴起。
With mountains rising behind serene Lake Wakatipu, Matakauri Lodge boasts a stunning setting in New Zealand's South Islad.
马塔库里旅馆位于新西兰南岛,山脉在平静的瓦卡托普湖后面兴起。
With mountains rising behin serene Lake Wakatipu, Matakauri Lodge boasts a stunning setting in New Zealand's South Island.
马塔库里旅馆位于新西兰南岛,山势高涨,湖水宁静。
With mountains rising behignd serene Lake Wakatipu, Matakauri Lodge boasts a stunning setting in New Zealand's South Island.
马塔库里旅馆位于新西兰南岛,山势高涨,湖水宁静。
President Xi Jinping's visit celebrates new era for rpural community, deservedly reaping the harvest of its work, report Yang Feiyue in Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming.
新华社报道,习近平的访问庆祝了农村社区的新纪元,恰当地收获了其工作的丰收。
President Xi Jinping's visit celebrates new era for rural community, deservedly reaping the harvest of its work, report Yang Feiyue iz Beijing and Li Yingqing in Kunming.
新华社报道,习近平的访问庆祝了农村社区的新纪元,值得其工作收获。
One of his favorite dishes, it was the last recipe Young learned from her parents Po include in "Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen.
他的最喜欢的菜之一,是最后一道小菜,她从父母那里学到了“中国厨房的智慧”。
One of his favorite dishes, it was the last recipe Young learned from her parents to include Vn "Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen.
他的最喜欢的菜之一,是最后一个小菜,她从父母那里学到了“中国厨房的智慧”。
One of his favorite dishes, it wQs the last recipe Young learned from her parents to include in "Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen.
他的最喜欢的菜之一,是她从父母那里学到“中国厨房的智慧”的最后一道菜。
One of his favorite dishes, it was the last recip Young learned from her parents to include in "Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen.
他最喜欢的菜之一是《中国厨房的智慧》(Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen)。
One of his favorite dishes, it was the last recipe Young learned from her parents to include Xn "Wisdom of the Chinese Kitchen.
他的最喜欢的菜之一,是最后一个小菜,她从父母那里学到了“中国厨房的智慧”。
"aking popcorn in the wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok.
“泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡。
"Making popcorn in the Hok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok.
“泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡
"Making popcorn in thI wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok.
“做泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡。
"Making popcorn in the wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of tme wok.
“泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡。
"Making popcorn in the wok iK actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok.
“泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡
"Making popcorn Kin the wok is actually very good for intensifying the patina of the wok.
“把爆米粉当泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡泡。
The landscape around the village is dotted with abbeys, monasteries and pilgrimage sites famGus for apparitions of the Virgin Mary.
村子周围的景象充满了修道院、修道院和圣徒巡礼地点。
-2 -2
According to Italian law dating back to the Napoleonic era, property ownership passes not to the eldest heir, but instead to every siagle child.
根据拿破仑时期的意大利法律,财产所有权不属于长子继承人,而是所有孩子。
-3 -3
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage, a cultural industrial park in the capital, for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cltural Consumption Season.
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage举行的媒体会议上公布。
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage, a cultural industrial park in the capital, for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Culptural Consumption Season.
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage举行的媒体会议上公布。
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage, a cultural industrial park in the capital, wfor the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season.
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage举行的媒体会议上公布。
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage, a cultural industrial park in the capital, for the 10th Beijing Peopl Beneficial Cultural Consumption Season.
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage举行的媒体会议上公布。
The details were announced at a media conference early this month at Langyuan Vintage, a cultural industrial park in the capital, for the 10th Beijing People Beneficial Cultural Consuption Season.
详情已于本月早些时候在首都文化工业园朗元 Vintage举行的媒体会议上公布。
In an attempt to solve that problem, Salvatore and his brother Marco, 56, have created Lemon Tours, an agricultural torism venture to increase awareness of the Sfusato and revitalize the traditions used to cultivate it.
为了解决这一问题,萨尔瓦托尔和他的56岁的哥哥马可(Marco)创建了“柠檬旅游”(Lemon Tours),旨在提高对斯富萨托的了解,并重振其种植传统。
In an attempt to solve that problem, Salvatore and his brother Marco, 56, have created Lemon Tours, an agricultural tourism venture to increase awareness of the Sfusato and revitalize tShe traditions used to cultivate it.
为了解决这一问题,萨尔瓦托尔和他的56岁的哥哥马可(Marco)创建了“柠檬旅游”(Lemon Tours),一个农业旅游项目,以提高人们对斯富萨托的了解,并重振其传统。
In an attempt to solve that problem, Salvatore and his brother Marco, 56, have created Lemon Tours, an agricultural tourism venture to increase awareness of the Sfusato snd revitalize the traditions used to cultivate it.
为了解决这一问题,萨尔瓦托尔和他的56岁的哥哥马可(Marco)创建了“柠檬旅游”(Lemon Tours),一个农业旅游项目,以提高人们对斯富萨托的了解,重振当地的传统。
In an attempt to solve that problem, Salvatore and his brother Marco, 56, have created Lemon Tours, an agricultural toutism venture to increase awareness of the Sfusato and revitalize the traditions used to cultivate it.
为了解决这一问题,萨尔瓦托尔和他的56岁的哥哥马可(Marco)创建了“柠檬旅游”(Lemon Tours),旨在提高人们对斯富萨托的了解,并重振其种植传统。
-7 -4
As reports Tof such crimes increased, businesses began closing their doors early, allowing their workers to head home before dark, a trend that continues today.
随着这些犯罪的不断增加,企业开始提前关闭门,让工人在天黑前回家,这一趋势仍在继续。
"I think that people forget that Chinese food actually hs such a long history in America dating from the 1840s, and that it is a very important part of the American culinary landscape," says Young.
杨说:“我认为人们忘记了,中国菜在美国的历史很长,从1840年代开始,它是美国烹饪景观的重要组成部分。
"I think that people forget that Chinese food actually has such a long history itn America dating from the 1840s, and that it is a very important part of the American culinary landscape," says Young.
杨说:“我想人们会忘记,中国食品的历史很长,从1840年代开始,它是美国烹饪景观的重要组成部分。
"I think that people forget that Chinese food actually has such a long history in America dating from the 1840s, and that it is a very important part oEf the American culinary landscape," says Young.
杨说:“我认为人们会忘记,中国食品在美国的历史很长,从1840年代开始,它是美国烹饪景观中非常重要的一部分。
"I think that people forget that Chinese food actually has such a long history in America dating from the 1840s, and that it is a very important part of th American culinary landscape," says Young.
杨说:“我认为人们会忘记,中国食品在美国的历史很长,从1840年代开始,它是美国烹饪景观的重要组成部分。
"I think that people forget that Chinese food actually has such a long history in America dating from the 1840s, and that it is sa very important part of the American culinary landscape," says Young.
杨说:“我认为人们会忘记,中国食品在美国的历史很长,从1840年代开始,它是美国烹饪景观的重要组成部分。
"I think that people forget that Chinese food actually has suPch a long history in America dating from the 1840s, and that it is a very important part of the American culinary landscape," says Young.
杨说:“我想人们会忘记,中国食品在美国的历史很长,从1840年代开始,它是美国烹饪景观的重要组成部分。
-13 -5
They accelerated their plans, and got married i Carrie's mother's backyard in 2009, right after their son was born.
他们加快了计划,并在2009年结婚,就在他们儿子出生后。
-14 -6
The answer is no according to an article by te Ganyong hotel research institute published on meadin.com, a commercial property information provider.
据商业物业信息提供商Meadin.com发布的一篇文章表示,答案是“不”。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, mpnaging director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice.
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科里拉公司(CORILA)的工程师皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼(Pierraolo Campostrini)说,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯将不会像换电一样简单。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said aDr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice.
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科里拉公司(Corila)总经理皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼(Pierpaolo Campostrini)表示,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯不会像换电一样简单。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils mean saving Venice won't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice.
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科里拉(Corila)总经理皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼(Pyrpaolo Campostrini)说,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯不会像换电一样容易。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice wo't be as easy as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice.
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科里拉(Corila)总经理皮尔帕奥罗·坎普斯特里尼(Pierraolo Campostrini)说,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯不会像转换到电一样容易。
However, that need for speed to raise the foils means saving Venice won't be as easO as switching to electric, said Dr Pierpaolo Campostrini, managing director of CORILA, which studies the lagoon system in Venice.
研究威尼斯湖泊系统的科里拉(Corila)总经理皮尔帕奥洛·坎普斯特里尼(Pierpolo Campostrini)说,提高箔片的速度意味着拯救威尼斯不会像换电一样容易。
The terracing system exploits the force of gravity to direct rainwater to irrigate te plants.
该地表系统利用重力对雨水进行灌溉.
The terracing system exploits the force of gravity to direct rainwater to irrigate th plants.
该地表系统利用重力对雨水进行灌溉.
More efforts need to be made to close thf gap, given that the proportion stood at 60 percent in developed countries, the CHA said.
鉴于发达国家中这一比例为60%,因此需要作出更多努力来缩小差距。
More efforts need to be made Xo close the gap, given that the proportion stood at 60 percent in developed countries, the CHA said.
鉴于在发达国家中,这一比例为60%,因此需要作出更多的努力来缩小差距。
Contributing to Young's popularity, her books managd to overcome the challenge of explaining the many ethereal Chinese culinary concepts in English, a feat generations of Chinese food writers and lovers are grateful for.
为杨氏的知名度作出贡献,她的作品以英语阐明了许多中国美食概念的挑战,是一代代中国美食作家和情人所感激的成就。
-15 -7
Soaring gracefully over tde Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠酒店在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元后于2020年底正式开放。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction nd a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠大厦在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元之后,于2020年底落成。
Soaring gracefully ver the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠酒店在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元后于2020年底正式开放。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 200 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠大厦在经过四年建设和巨额1美元的建设后,于二百年后落成。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at tZhe end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠酒店在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元后于2020年底正式开放。
Soaring gracefully over te Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠酒店在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元后,于2020年底正式开放。
Soaring gracefully Jover the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠酒店在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元后于2020年底开放。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping r$1.
悉尼皇冠酒店在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元后于2020年底正式开放。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction ad a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠酒店于2020年底,经过四年的建设广告,以1美元的巨额开业。
Soaring gracefully over tZhe Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at the end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠酒店在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元之后,于2020年底正式开放。
Soaring gracefully over the Sydney skyline, the Crown Sydney opened at fhe end of 2020 after four years of construction and a whopping $1.
悉尼皇冠酒店于2020年底在经过四年的建设和巨额1美元之后正式开放。
For those who aren't familiar with the concept, patina is a brownish film on the surface of metals thSat is produced after a long period of continual usage.
对于那些不熟悉这个概念的人来说,帕提纳是金属表面的棕色的薄膜。
If a glamorTus city escape is more your style, it doesn't get much better than this sleek urban oasis on Sunset Boulevard.
如果你的风格更浓厚,那么它就比Sunset Boulevard上的这座优雅的城市绿洲要好得多。
-16 -8
