"A lot of times she's very subtle about it, but obviously at the Olympics she wasn't subtle at all," Huffman tells CNN Sport|
哈夫曼告诉CNN Sport|
I mean, that's no contribution to make to society." Ashe says in an interview in the documentary.
我的意思是,这对于社会来说是没有贡献的。”
Day five of action at the worlds also saw newly crowned 100m champion Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m
世界锦标赛的第五天,弗雷德·凯利(Fred Kerley)也未能从200米半决赛中晋级
Day five of action at the worlds also saw newly crowned 100m champion Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m.
五日后,世界冠军弗雷德·凯利(Fred Kerley)也未能从200米半决赛中晋级。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515 which came into legal effect on July 1.
他是美国马里兰州“包容性体育服装法”(Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)的欢迎者之一,该法于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他是美国马里兰州“包容性体育服装法”(Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)的欢迎者之一,该法也被称为515号法案,于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland 's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他是欢迎美国马里兰州“包容性体育服装法”(Inclusive Athletic Attire Act,又称众议院第515号法案)的人士之一,该法于7月1日生效。
-2
Having unsuccessfully attempted the same climb in 2018! Alharthy was "scared of failing again," but she knew that Badar's moral support, coupled with her training for Everest, would set her in good stead.
阿尔哈蒂“害怕再次失败”,但她知道巴达尔的道德支持,再加上她参加珠穆朗玛峰的训练,将使她站稳脚跟。
The French fans sensed an upset was on the cards and the chants of "Allez Les Bleus" now reververbated louder than ever around the ground:
法国歌迷们感到卡片上出现了一阵不安,而“乐乐”的歌声现在比以往任何时候都响得更响:
The French fans sensed an upset was on the cards and the chants of "Allez Les Bleus" now reververbated louder than ever around the ground(
法国歌迷们觉得这张卡片上充满了不满,“乐乐”的歌声现在比以往任何时候都响得更响。
Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year, literally and figuratively .
马克?利伯(Mark Lieber)对池塘里即使是短暂的跌水对缓解前一年重量的影响进行了反思。
Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year , literally and figuratively.
马克?利伯(Mark Lieber)对池塘里即使是短暂的跌水对缓解前一年重量的影响进行了反思。
Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year{ literally and figuratively.
马克·利伯(Mark Lieber)回顾了池塘中即使是短暂的跌水对缓解前一年重量的影响。
Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year~ literally and figuratively.
马克?利伯(Mark Lieber)对池塘中即使是短暂的跌水对缓解前一年重量的影响进行了反思。
Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year/ literally and figuratively.
马克?利伯(Mark Lieber)回顾了在池塘里即使是短暂的跳水对缓解前一年重量的影响。
Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year, literally and figuratively.$
马克? 利伯(Mark Lieber)思考了池塘里即使是短暂的跌水对缓解去年重量的影响。
Mark Lieber reflected on the transformative impact of even brief dips in the pool in helping alleviate the weight of the previous year' literally and figuratively.
马克?利伯(Mark Lieber)回顾了即使是在池塘里短暂的跳水对缓解前一年的重量的影响。
.We have so many Navids now fighting for freedom," Alinejad explained, "fighting for equality, fighting for justice, fighting for dignity, fighting to have a normal life, fighting to get rid of dictatorship.
阿里内贾德解释说:“我们现在有这么多海军人为自由而战,为平等而战,为正义而战,为尊严而战,为拥有正常的生活而战,为摆脱独裁而战。
-3-1
With the Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon, but Henderson already has her eyes on another event later that month
随着八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来,她将有望获得第三项大奖,不过,亨德森已经将目光投向另一项赛事
With the Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon, but Henderson already has her eyes on another event later that month.
随着八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来,她将有望获得第三个大奖赛,但亨德森已经将目光投向另一项赛事。
Carlos Sainz secured his first victory in F1 during a dramatic British Grand Prix on Sunday where Alfa Romeo's Zhou Guanyu survived a huge crash on the first lap(.
卡洛斯·塞恩斯(Carlos Sainz)在周日举行的一场戏剧性的英国大奖赛中获得了F1的首次胜利。
Carlos Sainz secured his first victory in F1 during a dramatic British Grand Prix on Sunday where Alfa Romeo's Zhou Guanyu survived a huge crash on the first lap..
卡洛斯·塞恩斯(Carlos Sainz)在周日举行的一场戏剧性的英国大奖赛中获得了F1的首次胜利。
Carlos Sainz secured his first victory in F1 during a dramatic British Grand Prix on Sunday where Alfa Romeo's Zhou Guanyu survived a huge crash on the first lap.!
卡洛斯·塞恩斯(Carlos Sainz)在周日举行的一场戏剧性的英国大奖赛中获得了F1的首次胜利。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win%
加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员——她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二大胜利
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany| to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员——她的妹妹布里塔尼——之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win
加拿大选手在拥抱她妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她刚刚获得了第二个大奖
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie- her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员——她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前,收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
加拿大选手在拥抱她妹妹布里塔尼之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie?, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实赢得了第二个大奖。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany_ to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼_(Brittany_)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship , the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
加拿大选手在拥抱她妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship~, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖。
<Stroke after stroke, I could feel my mood lifting, my mind clearing and my body loosening.
?
In such conditions, removed from the technologies and problems that clutter everyday life? Jackson forged a connection with his team, their Nepali guides, and the surrounding mountains.
杰克逊与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔导游以及周围的山脉建立了联系。
In such conditions, removed from the technologies and problems that clutter everyday life,) Jackson forged a connection with his team, their Nepali guides, and the surrounding mountains.
在这样的条件下,杰克逊与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔导游和周围的山脉建立了联系。
In such conditions,< removed from the technologies and problems that clutter everyday life, Jackson forged a connection with his team, their Nepali guides, and the surrounding mountains.
在这样的环境下,杰克逊与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔导游以及周围的山脉建立了联系。
In such conditions,@ removed from the technologies and problems that clutter everyday life, Jackson forged a connection with his team, their Nepali guides, and the surrounding mountains.
在这样的环境下,杰克逊与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔导游以及周围的山脉建立了联系。
_I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
我成为加纳第一个骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲,"弗林波恩告诉CNN。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa,"[ Frimpong told CNN.
“我成为加纳第一个骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games> both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗里姆邦(Frimpong)在接受CNN采访时说:“我成为加纳第一名骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian , and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗里姆波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN,“我成为加纳第一名骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa,\" Frimpong told CNN.
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games , both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗里姆波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN,“我成为加纳第一名骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
-I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
-我成为加纳第一名骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲,"弗里姆蓬告诉CNN。
One UFC fighter| Bobby Green, was so emotional that he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick in Las Vegas.
博比·格林(英语:Bobby Green)在拉斯维加斯击败艾伦·帕特里克后,他感到如此激动,他再也想不出什么了。
I've put in an incomprehensible amount of time, blood, sweat, tears and work into what I do, whether it's football or baseball," Murray said.
我花费了难以理解的时间、血、汗水、眼泪和工作,无论是足球还是棒球。
I don't know of any other Black medalists except for those three countries+" Olympic historian Bill Mallon told CNN Sport.
除了这三个国家以外,我还不知道其他黑人获得奖牌的运动员。”
I don't know of any other Black medalists except for those three countries=" Olympic historian Bill Mallon told CNN Sport.
除上述三个国家以外,我没有其他黑人获得奖牌的运动员。
I don't know of any other Black medalists except for those three countries,= Olympic historian Bill Mallon told CNN Sport.
奥运会历史学家比尔·马伦(Bill Mallon)告诉CNN体育。
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says:
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,显得很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
她说:“我一直在努力保持体重很低,看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny\ like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny , like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers" she says.
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age!, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
虽然他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭的主要体育人物”!,但奥巴乔是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the }main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是家庭的主要体育运动员,但奥巴乔是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family " at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育人物 ”,但奥巴乔是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育运动员”,但奥巴乔才是认真对待体育事业的人
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age^ Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育人物”——奥巴乔是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age] Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭的主要体育人物”] 奥巴乔是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age_, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育人物”,但奥巴乔才是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the ]main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是家庭的主要体育运动员,但奥巴乔是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age| Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
虽然他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭的主要体育人物”|奥巴乔是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family# at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育人物”,但奥巴乔是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age> Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育人物”,但奥巴乔才是认真对待体育事业的人。
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp> who says he has been closely following Germany's progress, said women's football as "exploded" in recent years.
他说他一直在密切关注德国进步,他说近年来,女足“爆炸了”。
