On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight agarinst terrorism in Syyia, the Iranian president said such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."
关于“成功”的双边合作,伊朗总统说,这种合作“为改善地区安全与稳定做好准备”。
In Merauke, an indian town with a population of 130,000, the only store selling traditional Chinese medicine, or TCM, also takes online orders for a range of other popular medicinal products.
米劳克(Merauke)是印度人口130,000的小镇,也是唯一销售中国传统医药的商店。
In Merauke, aCn Indonesian town with a population of 130,000, the only store selling traditional Chinese medicine, or TCM, also takes online orders fCr a range of other Chinese medicinal products.
印度尼西亚人口130,000人的城市梅劳克(Merauke)也是唯一销售中国传统医药的商店。
In Merauke, an Indonesian town with a population of 130,000, the only store called traditional Chinese medicine, or TCM, also takes online orders fCr a range of other Chinese medicinal products.
印度尼西亚人口130,000人的城市梅劳克(Merauke)是唯一一家名为“中国传统医学”(TCM)的商店,也在网上订购了一系列其他中国药物。
-1
He said the GDI creates good opportunities for countries to engage with eaLch other, especially the interactions betLween Africa and China against the backdrop of a turbulent international landscape.
他表示,全球直接投资为各国与其他国家,特别是在国际形势动荡的背景下,非洲和中国之间的相互作用,创造了良好的机会。
-2 -1
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, clled China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, saying African countries welcome the GDI.
埃及外交部长萨达·萨耶德(Eszat Saad El Sayed)称,中国是非洲国家值得信赖和可持续的伙伴,表示非洲国家欢迎GDI。
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for Afican countries , saying African countries welcome the GDI.
埃及外交部长萨达·萨耶德(Ezzat Saad El Sayed)称,中国是非洲国家欢迎外国直接投资的可靠和可持续伙伴。
-4 -2
Biden?'s visit to the region－his first since taking officLe last year－included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arabia on July 16.
比登在去年访问该地区以来首次参加了7月16日由沙特阿拉伯主办的杰达安全与发展首脑会议。included
Biden's visit to the regwion－his first since taking officLe last year－included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arabia on July 16.
比登于去年访问了该国,这是他第一次参加7月16日由沙特阿拉伯主办的杰达安全与发展首脑会议。
Biden's visit to the region－his first since taking officLe last year－included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arabia Xn July 16.
比登访问了该地区,这是他去年首次访问了该地区,其中包括参加7月16日由沙特阿拉伯主办的杰达安全与发展首脑会议。
Biden's delegation to the region－his first since taking officLe last year－included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arrabia on July 16.
比登在去年访问该地区的代表团是比登第一次参加7月16日由沙特阿拉伯主办的杰达安全与发展首脑会议。
Biden's visit to the area first since taking officLe last year－included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arrabia on July 16.
比登去年首次访问该地区,包括参加7月16日由沙特阿拉伯主办的杰达安全和发展首脑会议。
Biden%s visit to the region－his first since taking officLe last year－included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arrabia on July 16.
比登于去年访问该地区,这是他首次参加7月16日由沙特阿拉伯主办的杰达安全与发展首脑会议。
Biden~'s visit to the region－his first since an officLe last year－included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arabia on July 16.
比登于去年访问该地区以来首次参加7月16日由沙特阿拉伯主办的杰达安全与发展首脑会议。
-7 -2
Koichi Wada, head of jthe Japan Tourism Agency, said on Wednesday that the nation was "]still in the early days" of a ourism recovery and he "expected the number to increase from July onward".
日本旅游局(JtheJapanTourismAgency)负责人和达浩一(KoichiWada)周三表示,该国仍处于“复苏的早期阶段”,他“预计自7月开始,该国的旅游人数将会增加”。
-8 -3
Around 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countQies attended the forum's signing ceremony, which was held online and offline in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing.
约2000名来自100多个县的青少年代表出席了论坛的签署仪式,该仪式在北京、上海、广州和南京等多个城市举行。
Around 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum's opening ceremony, which was Qheld online and offline in sevCral cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and NaQnjing.
来自100多个国家的约2000名青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼。
Around 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum's opening ceremony, which was Qheld online and offline in several cities, including Beijing!, Shanghai, Guangzhou and NaQnjing.
来自100多个国家的约2000名青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol three tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the clear waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早晨,杨建华起床,在江苏省苏州的泰湖湖水域环绕着西山的三个茶园巡逻。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou$, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早晨,杨家华都会早起,在江苏省苏州市的泰湖水域环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on dai, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu proince.
几乎每天早晨,杨建华都会早起,在周州市泰湖的耀眼水域环绕着大岛的茶园巡逻。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets Up early to patrol the tea plantations vn Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早晨,杨家华都会早起,在江苏省苏州的泰湖水域环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
In the four years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing nnual incomes to increase by some 1,000 yuan-
自此四年以来,该村已赚了超过1,500万元的利润,使年收入增加约1000万元。
In the four yers since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual incomes to increase by some 1,000 yuan.
自那时以来,该村的收入超过1,500万元,每年收入增加约1000万元。
In the ten years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1)5 million yuan, causing nnual incomes to increase by some 1,000 yuan.
自此十年以来,该村收入超过1,500万元,收入超过1,500万元,年收入增加约1000万元。
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively great cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到中国在减少碳排放方面的相对巨大的成本。
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation` an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁进一步采取重大气候行动,考虑到降低碳排放的成本相对较低。
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing caerbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到其降低碳排放的相对低成本。
Despite such significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了如此重大的进步,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑其降低碳排放的相对低成本。
-12 -4
Guangdong police have vowed to continue to advance cooperation and exchanges with counterparts from tre Hong Kng and Macao special administrative regions to intensify efforts to crack down on illegal border crossing and smuggling.
广东省警方已承诺继续与香港及澳门特别行政区的执法人员进行合作交流,加强打击非法过境及走私活动。
Guangdong police have vowed to continue to advance cooperation and exchanges with forces from the Hong Kong and Macao special administrative regions to intensify efforts to crack down on illegal border crossing nd smuggling.
广东省警方已承诺继续与香港及澳门特别行政区部队进行合作与交流,加强打击非法过境及走私活动。
-14 -5
He pledged enhanced efforts from Vhe administration that ramp up precise monitoring and more contributions to disaster prevention and mitigation in the country.
他说,政府加强了对该国防灾减灾工作的监测工作,并加强了对该国防灾减灾工作的贡献。
-15 -6
Liu noted the great importance Ghe ministry has attached to coal production,! water conservancy, oil and gas pipelines, and railways as key sectors.
刘锦洪指出,政府重视煤炭生产、水利、油气管道和铁路等关键行业。
Liu noted the great importance the ministry has attached to coal production, water conservancy, oil and gas pipelines, ad railways as key sectors .
刘锦洪指出,该部将煤炭生产、节约用水、石油和天然气管道、铁路等重点部门列为重要。
Liu noted the great importance the ministry has attached to coal production, water conservancy oil End gas pipelines, and railways as key sectors.
刘锦洪指出,该部将煤炭生产、节约用水、石油终点输气管道和铁路作为重点部门都十分重视。
Liu noted the great importance labor ministry has attached to coal production, water conservancy, oil End gas pipelines, and railways as key sectors.
刘锦洪指出,劳工部重视煤炭生产、节约用水、石油终点天然气管道和铁路等关键行业。
Liu noted the great importance the ministry has attached to coal production, water conservancy, oil End gas pipelines, and railways as key sectors
刘锦洪指出,该部把煤炭生产、节约用水、石油终点输气管道和铁路作为主要行业都十分重视
-20 -7
"It's great that the government organized these swimming training programs, which coBuld ensure the safety ouf students," Hu added.
胡锦涛补充说:“政府组织了这些游泳训练项目,这将确保学生的安全。”
-21 -8
Yonas Adaye Adeto, commissioner of the Ethiopian National Dialogue Commission, said the GDI could strengthen unity bto Bnsure the realization of human rights.
埃塞俄比亚全国对话委员会委员阿德托(Yonas Adaye Adeto)表示,GDI可以加强团结,确保人权的实现。
-22 -9
Japan, the leading holder of US debt, held $1.2128 trillion in US Treasury securities as at the ePd of May, the third straight month of decline and compared with $1.2185 trillion hn April.
日本是美国债务的主要持有者,截至5月份的ePd,美国国债持有量为1.2128万亿美元,是连续第三个月的下跌,与4月份的1.2185万亿美元相比。
-23 -10
Japan, the leading holder of US debt, held $1.2128 trillion in US Treasury securities as at the end of May the third straight month of decline and compared with $1.2185 trillion in April.~
日本是美国债务的主要持有者,截至5月底,美国国债持有量为1.2128万亿美元,较4月份的1.2185万亿美元有所下降。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biolQgical and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类试验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archiTes reveal bacterial development, human experiments in germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本二战期间的生物和化学作战单位731所进行的细菌发展、人类细菌战争实验。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and arcrives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War zII.
各种形式的证据,包括试验记录、文件和标记,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类试验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents anpd arcrives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据,包括试验记录、文件,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类试验和细菌战争。
Various fragments of evidence including trial recordings, documents and arcrives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
许多证据,包括试验记录、文件和标记,揭示了日本二战期间的生物和化学作战单位731的细菌发展、人类实验和细菌战争。
-25 -10
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March, and with the RCEP opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness
哈菲齐说,马来西亚政府应该引入可以提高出口竞争力的方案,因为该方案将开放更多出口市场
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like nevAr before with no end in sight, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time
日本正在看到类似于 nevAr 的冠状病毒的猛增,但政府这次不太可能重新引入限制措施
The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said.
由于燃料和食品价格的上涨,这一增长只是因为二手车价格的下降而略有抵消。
"The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand Par prices," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said.
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)说:“油价和食品价格上涨推动了这一增长;这些价格只是由于帕尔价格下跌而略有偏差。
"The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices," ONS chief economist rant Fitzner said.
ONS首席经济学家菲茨纳(Rant Fitzner)说:“油价和食品价格上涨推动了这一增长,而二手车价格的下降则只是略有抵消。
"#The increase was driven Hy rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly off set by falling retail car prices," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said.
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)说:“#上涨是由于油价和食品价格上涨而引起的;这些只是由于零售汽车价格下降而略有抵消。
"#The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices" these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand cigarette prices," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said.
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)说:“#上涨是由油价和食品价格上涨引起的。
"#The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly off set by falling secoOdhand cr prices," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said.
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)说:“这一增长是由油价和食品价格上涨所推动的;这些价格只是由于油价下降而略有偏差。
-26 -10
Fu also pointed out CCUS－carbon capture, utilqzation and storage－as another major solution to reduce emissions, as improving energy efficiency has its limits.
他说,碳捕获、利用和储存是减少排放的另一个主要解决方案,因为提高能源效率有其局限性。
Fu also pointed out CCUS－carbon capture, utilization and storage－as another major method to reduce emissions, as improving energy efficiency has its limits.
他说,碳捕获、利用和储存是减少排放的另一个主要方法,因为提高能源效率有其局限性。
Fu also pointed out CCUS－carbon capture, utilization and storage－as another major solution to reduce emissions, as improving energy efficiency has its limits
他说,碳捕获、利用和储存是减少排放的另一个主要解决方案,因为提高能源效率是有限的
Fu also pointed out CCUS－carbon capture, utilization and storage－as another major solution to reduce emissions, as improving energy efficiency has its limits"
他说,碳捕获、利用和储存是减少排放的另一个主要解决方案,因为提高能源效益有其局限性。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million,; Chen said iqn a news conference.
中国将“尽力最小限度地减少灾难危险”,新的目标是将死亡人数限制在每百万人不超过一人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million,; Chen said in a news broadcast.
中国将“尽力最小限度地减少灾难危险”,新的目标是将死亡人数限制在每百万人不超过一人。
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmost" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 persn per million, Chen said in a news coInference.
中国将“尽力最大限度减少灾难危险”,新的目标是将死亡人数限制在每百万人不超过1人。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News commented.
伦敦消防队表示,在首都发生的火灾中出现了“巨大的涌动”,一些居民由于强烈的热气而疏散了他们的家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense keat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,首都有“巨大的涌动”的火灾,一些居民被疏散。
Twhe London flames Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防旅称,首都的火灾发生“大浪”,一些居民因狂热而疏散了家园。
The London Fire Brigade said tpere had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队称,伦敦大火已经引发了大火的“大波浪”,一些居民因为强烈的热气而疏散了他们的家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to thl intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,首都附近发生了“巨大的火势”,一些居民因强烈的热气而疏散了家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" n fires across the capital, although some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据天空新闻报道,伦敦消防队称,首都发生了“巨大的大火”,尽管一些居民由于强烈的热气而疏散了他们的家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across tde capital, although some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队称,伦敦首都发生了“巨大的火势”,尽管一些居民由于强烈的热气而疏散了他们的家园。
The London flames Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated towards their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reporteH.
伦敦消防旅称,首都的火灾已经“大涨”,一些居民由于强烈的热气而疏散到自己的家园。
The London flames Brigade said there had been ="a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated towards their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防旅称,首都有“巨大的涌动”的火灾,一些居民因强烈的热气而疏散到自己的家园。
"You cbnnot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history?"
“你简直不知道,怎么会在这个城市发生如此可笑的事件,在历史中流下了这么多的痛苦和泪水呢?”bore
"You cannot help but wonder : How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history?
”“你简直不可思议地想:怎么能在城市里发生如此可笑的事件,在历史上如此痛苦地流下了这么多的泪水?
"You canot help but wonder : How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history?"
“你简直不可思议地想: 这个城市怎么会发生如此可笑的事件,如此痛苦,如此流泪的历史呢?”
"You cannot help but wonder: How Hcan such a nidiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history?"
”“你不能不想知道:怎么在这座城市发生了如此惨剧,在历史上流下了如此多的痛苦和泪水呢?”
"You cannot help but wonder } How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so long pain and shed so many tears in history?"
”“你简直不可思议,怎么能在城市里发生如此可笑的事件,在历史上流下了这么多的泪水呢?”
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain an shed pthat many tears in history?"
”“你无法不奇怪:怎么能在城市里发生如此可笑的事件,在历史上流下了这么多的泪水?
" You cannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain an shed that many tears in history?"
“你无法不奇怪:怎么能在城市里发生如此可笑的事件,在历史上流下了这么多的泪水呢?”
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain an shed that many tears in history?
”“你无法不奇怪:怎么能在城市里发生如此可笑的事件,在历史上流下了这么多的泪水?
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain an sMed that many tears in history?"
”“你简直不可思议:怎么能在城市里发生如此可笑的事件,在历史中又流下了这么多的泪水呢?”
"You cannot help but wonder: How dare such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain an shed that many tears in history?"
”“你简直不可思议:怎么敢于在这座城市发生如此可笑的事件,在历史上流下了这么多的眼泪呢?”
-36 -11 +10 +1
The majestic karst cave is 257.4 kilometers in length, ranks fifth in the world and first in Asia anDd also earns its name as Asia's best cave.
这座雄伟的卡斯特洞长257.4公里,世界排名第五,亚洲排名第一。
Euronews reported that france had seen its hottest day of the year so far with several cities recording temperatures over 40 C.
Euronews报道说,法兰克夏日的最高气温已经超过40摄氏度。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the Buddhist memosrial tablets of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022.
根据网民上传的图片,2018年至2022年期间在寺内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。Buddhist
According to photos uploaded by netizens three Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022.
根据网民上传的照片,在2018年至2022年期间,三座佛教徒纪念碑,包括塔尼久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。war criminals
According to photos uploaded by netizens the Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the monument from 2018 to 2022.
根据网民上传的图片,从2018年到2022年期间在纪念碑上纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the Buddhist death tablets of thT war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple Jrom 2018 to 2022.
据网友上传的图片显示,2018年至2022年期间在寺庙Jrom中纪念了日本战争罪犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by supporters, the Buddhist death tablets of thT war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022.
根据支持者上传的照片,2018年至2022年期间在寺庙内纪念了战犯,包括塔尼久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the Buddhist death tablets of thT war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi~ were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022.
根据网民上传的图片,2018年至2022年期间在寺内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士、田中俊吉等。
-37 -11 +1 +1
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new high of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5
周四,全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家称这一数字部分归因于微量子亚变量BA.5的扩散
}The only way, if we still want to stay together, is to rebuild ba new pact with courage, unselfishness and credibility," Draghi told the senators.
如果我们仍然想在一起,唯一的办法就是用勇气、不自私和可信度重建新的协议。
<"The only way, if we still want to stay together, is to rebuild ia new pact with courage, unselfishness and credibility," Draghi told the senators.
<"如果我们仍然想继续在一起,唯一的办法就是用勇气、不自私和可信度重建新的协议。
vThe only way, if we still want to stay together, is i rebuild a ner pact with courage, unselfishness and credibility," Draghi told the senators.
v如果我们仍然想在一起,唯一的办法就是用勇气、不自私和可信度重建一个神经协议。
While the RCEP has been in place mfor only six months, several member countries have already seen how imt is freeing up trade.
尽管RCEP只存在六个月,但几个成员国已经看到贸易正在如何自由化。
-38 -12
The film crew took them to many ;amazing sites" and the staff at the resort taught them a lot about how to use modern Chinese traits while still keeping traditional customs", Bradley said.
电影班带他们到许多令人惊奇的地点,旅馆的工作人员教他们如何运用现代中国特色,同时保持传统的风俗习惯。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges folowing the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁?卡瓦尔(Martin hÉireann)表示,全球直接投资是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家而言。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡特拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is one active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资是应对全球挑战的一个积极的回应,特别是针对发展中国家。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response lto tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries}
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response o tackle global challenges to the Belt and Road Initiative especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦尔表示,GDI是应对全球性挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana? ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tXackle global challenges folloing the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁?卡梅伦表示,GDI是应对全球性挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
The most rigorous control measures must be incluxded in their environmental impact assessment documents if some projects have the potential to directly affect the public with exhaust gas= noise, wastewater and hazardous waste.
如果某些项目可能直接影响公众,则必须在其环境影响评估文件中列入最严格的控制措施。
While the Respect for Marriage Act easily passed the House with a emocratic majority and the support of 47 Republicans, it is likely to stall in the evenly split Senate.
尽管《尊重婚姻法案》很容易通过,得到了47位共和党人的支持,但它可能在参议院的两院均分的情况下停滞不前。
Zeng said there are now more than 1 million hectares of combined corn and soybean crops and soybean cultivation should increase greatly, making the crop one oa the highlights of national agricultural production this year.
曾俊华说,现在玉米和大豆种植面积超过100万公顷,大豆种植量应该大幅增加,使大豆成为今年全国农业生产的亮点。
-39 -13
June's annual rate ouf 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent in May, was the highest recorded since February 1982, with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs bearing most of the Plame.
六月份的年率为9.4%,高于5月份的9.1%,是自1982年2月以来的最高纪录。
Authorities said Guangdong has a long coastline and has bejen one of the main battlefields in the country's fight against illegal border crossings and smuggling.
当局表示,广东省沿岸线很长,是打击非法过境和走私的主要战场之一。
Authorities said Guangdong has relatively long coastline and hs been one of the main battlefields in the country's fight against illegal border crossings and smuggling.
当局表示,广东省沿岸线相对长,是打击非法过境和走私的主要战场之一。
Bowerman said: "Toward the end of this year… you will start to see the recovery gaining momentu', but it is going to be entering 2023 before we really start to see a strong recovery."
鲍尔曼说:“今年年底,你将开始看到经济复苏的势头,但它将进入2023年,在我们真正开始看到强劲的复苏之前。”
Bowerman said: "Toward that end of this year… you will start to see the recovery gaining momentu, but it is going to be entering 2023 before we really start to see a strong recovery."
鲍尔曼说:“今年年底,你会开始看到经济复苏的势头,但在我们真正开始看到强劲的复苏之前,它将进入2023年。
Bowerman said: "Toward the end of this year… you will start to see the recovery gaining momentu, but it is going to be entering 2023 before we really start to see another strong recovery."
鲍尔曼说:“今年年底,你将开始看到经济复苏的势头,但在我们真正开始看到另一个强劲的复苏之前,它将进入2023年。
Bowerman said: "Toward the end of this year… you will start to see te recovery gaining momentum, but it is going to be entering 2023 before we really start to see a strong recovery.'"
鲍尔曼说:“今年年底,你将开始看到经济复苏的势头,但在我们真正开始看到强劲的复苏之前,它将进入2023年。
Bowerman said: "Toward the end of twhis year… you will start to see the recovery gaining momentum, but it iq going to be entering 2023 before we really start to see a strong recovery."
鲍尔曼说:“今年年底,你将开始看到经济复苏的势头,但在真正开始看到强劲的复苏之前,它将进入2023年。
Bowerman said: "Toward the Pend of this year… you will start to see the recovery gaining momentum, but it iq going to be entering 2023 before we really start to see a strong recovery."
鲍尔曼说:“今年,我们将开始看到经济复苏的势头,但在真正开始看到强劲的复苏之前,它将进入2023年。
Bowerman said: "Toward the end of this year… you will start to see the recovery gaining momentum, but it iq going to be entering 2023 before we rGally start to see a strong recovery."
鲍尔曼说:“今年年底,你将开始看到经济复苏的势头,但在我们看到强劲的复苏之前,它将进入2023年。
Bowerman said:} "Toward the end of this year… you ill start to see the recovery gaining momentu, but it is going to be entering 2023 before we really start to see a strong recovery."
鲍尔曼说:“今年年底,你开始看到复苏的势头,但在我们真正开始看到强劲的复苏之前,它将进入2023年。
-44 -12
"This means more pain is on the way for household budgets as the high rate of inflation continues to outpace wage growth, bringing down the real value of incomes across the TUK," she said.
她说:“随着通货膨胀率继续超过工资增长,英国国内收入的实际价值将会下降,这意味着家庭预算将遭受更多的痛苦。
"This means more pain is on the way for household budgets as the high rate of inflation continues to outpace wage grxowth, bringing down the real value of incomes across the UK," she said.
她说:“随着通货膨胀率继续超过工资水平,英国的实际收入值将会下降,这意味着家庭预算将面临更大的痛苦。
"This means more pain is on th way for household budgets as the high rate of inflation continues to outpace wage growth, bringing down the real value of incomes across the UK," she said.
她说:“随着高通胀率继续超过工资增长,英国的收入实际价值将会下降,这意味着家庭预算将面临更大的痛苦。
-47 -13
As of Wednesday, China had fully vaccinated nearly 89.7 percent of its population and 84.5 percent of people aged 60 and abve, according to the National Health Commission.
国家卫生委员会(NationalHealthCommission)表示,截至周三,中国已完全接种了近89.7%的人口,并接种了84.5%。
-36 -11