"A lot of times she's very subtle about it% but obviously at the Olympics she is subtle at all," Huffman tells CNN Sport.
哈夫曼在接受CNN体育的采访时说:“在奥运会上,她总是很狡猾。
Ok his decision to run 100 miles, Bates says: "I've seen people's journeys and then I thought they were really cool and interesting, and it seemed different than other races.
贝茨说:“我看过人们走的旅程,然后我觉得它们很酷和有趣,而且看起来与其他比赛不一样。
I mean, that's no contribution to make to society:" Ashe says in an interview in the ocumentary.
我的意思是,这对于社会来说是没有贡献的。”
Lewis Hamilton estimated he lost "aound three kilos" during Nthe French Grand Prix after a drinks bottle malfunction left him unable to rehydrate.
路易斯·汉密尔顿估计他在法国大奖赛期间因饮品瓶故障而失去“三公斤体重”。
Day five of action at the worlds also saw newly crowned 100m champion Fred Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m
世界锦标赛的第五天,弗雷德·凯利(Fred Kerley)也未能从200米半决赛中晋级
Day five of action at the worlds also saw newly crowned 100m champion ryan Kerley fail to advance from the semifinals of the 200m.
五日后,世界冠军莱恩·凯利(Ryan Kerley)也未能从200米半决赛中晋级。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act, also known as House Bill 515, which camJe into legal effect on July 1.
他是欢迎美国马里兰州“包容性体育服装法”(Inclusive Athletic Attire Act,又称515号法案)的人士之一,该法案于7月1日生效。
His is one of the voices welcoming the US state of Maryland's Inclusive Athletic Attire Act` also known as House Bill 515, which came into legal effect on July 1.
他是欢迎美国马里兰州《包括体育服装法案》(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusive Athletic Attire Act)(英语:Inclusi
The French fans sensed an upset was on the cards and the chabts of "Allez Les Bleus" now reververbated louder than ever around the ground.
法国球迷感到“乐乐队”的歌声比以往任何时候都响得更响。
The French fans sensed an upset was on the cards and enthusiastic chants of "Allez Les Bleus" now reververbated louder than ever around the ground.
法国歌迷们感到“乐乐乐”的狂欢的歌声比以往任何时候都响得更响。
The French fans sensed n upset was on the cards and the chants of "Allez Les Bleus" now reververbated louder than ever around the ground.
法国歌迷们觉得《乐乐队》的歌声比以往任何时候都响得更响。
Since the first Women's Wrld Cup in 1991, the USA has won four tournaments, finished second in one and third on three, consistently proving itself as the world's best team.
自1991年世界女子锦标赛以来,美国已经赢得4次锦标赛,在1次和3次中获得第二名,不断证明自己是世界最好的球队。
Since it first Women's World Cup in 1991, the USA hae won four tournaments, finished second in one and third in three, consistently proving itself as the world's best team.
自1991年世界女子锦标赛以来,美国连续赢得4次锦标赛,在1次和3次中获得第二名,一直证明自己是世界最好的球队。
Since the first Women's World Cup in 1991, the USA has won four tournaments, finished second in wone and third on three, consistently proving itself as the world's best player.
自1991年世界女子锦标赛以来,美国连续赢得4次锦标赛,以3分2胜2负,连续证明自己是世界最佳球员。
Since the first lacrosse World Cup in 1991, the USA has won four tournaments, finished second in one and third on three, consistently proving itself as the world:s best team.
自1991年世界盃以來,美國贏得了四場比賽,在第一場和第三場取得第二名,並持續證明自己是世界最好的球隊。
-4 -1
After the two semifinal matches, a total of 487,683 fns have attended the games thus far, more than doubling the previous record of 240,055, set at Euro 2017 in the Netherlands.
兩場半決賽結束後,共有487,683名球員參加比賽,比2017年歐洲國家盃(英语:Euro 2017)在荷蘭舉行的240,055名球員的紀錄增加了兩倍。
-5 -2
After the three semifinal matches, B total of 487,683 fans have attended the games so far, more than doubling the previous record of 240,055, set at Euro 2017 in the Netherlands.
截至2017年,共有487,683名球迷参加了半决赛,比荷兰2017年欧洲锦标赛前240,055名球迷的纪录增加了一倍。
"Going to have so many family and friends there and also the entnire Ottawa area, and lots of Canadians supporting and watching, so it's going to bae phenomenal.
“在那里会有这么多的家人和朋友,还有渥太华地区,还有许多加拿大人支持和观看,所以这将是奇迹。
"Going to have so many family and friends there and also the entnire Ottawa area, and lots of Canadians supporting and watching, so it's going will be phenomenal.
“我们将在那里有这么多的家人和朋友,还有渥太华地区,还有许多加拿大人支持和观看,所以这将是奇迹。
-7 -3
And as she reflected on her body's evolution, Campbell was keen to stress how bodybuilding hd been accompanied by a shift iCn her mental health.
随着她对自己的身体的演变的反思,坎贝尔很想强调,如何在她的心理健康上进行改造。
-8 -4
"We have so many Navids now fighting for freedom," Alinejad explained, "fighting for equality, fighting for justice, fighting for dignity, fighting to have a normal life, fighting ts get rid of dictatorship.
阿里内贾德解释说:“我们现在有这么多海军人为自由而战,为平等而战,为正义而战,为尊严而战,为正常生活而战,为摆脱独裁而战。
"We have so many Navids now fighting for freedom," Alinejad explained, "fighting for equality, fighting for justice, fighting for dignity, fighting to have a normal life, fighting to get rid oZ dictatorship.
阿里内贾德解释说:“我们现在有这么多海军人为自由而战,为平等而战,为正义而战,为尊严而战,为拥有正常的生活而战,为摆脱OZ独裁而战。
"We have s many Navids now fighting for freedom," Alinejad explained, "fighting for equality, fighting for justice, fighting for dignity fighting to have a normal life, fighting to get rid of dictatorship.
阿里内贾德解释说:“现在有许多海军人为自由而战,为平等而战,为正义而战,为尊严而战,为了拥有正常的生活而战,为了摆脱独裁而战。
-11-5
With the Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon, but Henderson already has her eyes o another event later that month.
随着八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来,她将有望获得第三项大奖,但亨德森已经对下个月的另一项赛事有兴趣了。
With the Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon, but Henderson already has her eyes on nother event later that month.
随着八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来,她将有望获得第三项大奖,但亨德森已经不再关注其他比赛。
With the Women's British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon#, but Henderson already has her eyes on another event later that month.
随着八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来,她将有望获得第三项大奖,不过,亨德森已经将目光投向另一项赛事。
With the Women`s British Open approaching in August, her form puts the prospect of a third major firmly on the horizon, but Henderson already has her eyes on another event later that month.
随着八月份的英国女子网球公开赛即将到来,她将有望获得第三项大奖,但亨德森已经将目光投向另一项赛事。
A legend from the men's side congratulated the women's tam upon qualification to the final.
来自男子队的一位传奇人物祝贺女子队获得决赛资格.
A legend zfrom the men's side congratulated the women's team upon qualification to the event.
来自男子队的一位传奇人物祝贺女子队获得比赛资格.
-13-6
;She keep going and she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help with your mental health,'" Waters told CNN.
她不停地说,你必须进来,这确实有助于你的心理健康,”沃特斯告诉CNN。
She started going and she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help with your mental problems" Waters told CNN.
她开始走,并不断地说,‘你必须进来,这确实有助于你的心理问题。
.She started going and she kept saying, 'You've gotta come in, it really does help with your mental health,'" Waters told CNN.
她继续说,你必须进来,这确实有助于你的心理健康。
Carlos Sainz secured his first victory in F1 during X dramatic British Grand Prix on unday where Alfa Romeo's Zhou Guanyu survived a huge crash on the first lap.
卡洛斯·塞恩斯在X大奖赛中获得了F1的首次胜利,当时阿尔法罗密欧车手周国优在第一圈经历了一次巨大的车祸。
Carlos Sainz secured his first victory over F1 during a dramatic British Grand Prix on Sunday where Alfa Romeo's Zhou Guanyu survived a huge crash on the first lap
卡洛斯·塞恩斯在周日的英国大奖赛中首次战胜F1,阿尔法罗密欧车手周国优在第一圈大车祸中幸存
-14-6
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittan, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的助手,她的妹妹布里坦(Brittan)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany,@ to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前把她的球收集起来,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win;
加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员——她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖;
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her aunt Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员布里塔尼姨妈之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win#
加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼之前收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball before embracing her caddie,: her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员前将她的球收集起来:她的妹妹布里塔尼,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her ball after embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼之后收集了她的球,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大胜。
Rolling home her birdie putt to clinch the Evian Championship, the Canadian collected her bzall before embracing her caddie, her sister Brittany, to check that she had indeed just secured her second major win.
为了赢得埃维安锦标赛,加拿大选手在拥抱她的学员,她的妹妹布里塔尼(Brittany)之前收集了她的球拍,以确认她确实刚刚获得了第二个大奖。
"Stroke after stroke , I could feel my mood lifting" my mind clearing and my body loosening.
精神清醒,身体放松。
Given the forecast high temperatures of close to 40 Celsius, Ferrari's recent frailties could be exposed again as aerodynamics chief vittorio Tondi suggested in a team preview.
由于预报的高温接近40摄氏度,法拉利最近的弱点可能再次暴露出来。
In such conditions, safe from the technologies and problems that clutter everyday life, Jackson forged a connection with his team, their Nepali guides, and the surrounding mountains.
在这样的环境下,杰克逊与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔导游以及周围的山脉建立了联系。
In such conditions, removed from other technologies and problems that clutter everyday life! Jackson forged a connection with his team, their Nepali guides, and the surrounding mountains.
杰克逊与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔导游以及周围的山脉建立了联系。
In such conditions,: removed from the technologies and problems hat clutter everyday life, Jackson forged a connection with his team, their Nepali guides, and the surrounding mountains.
在这样的条件下,杰克逊与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔导游和周围的山脉建立了联系。
bn such conditions, removed from the technologies and problems that clutter everyday life,< Jackson forged a connection with his team, their Nepali guies, and the surrounding mountains.
杰克逊与他的团队、他们的尼泊尔人以及周围的山脉建立了联系。
"I came as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“我作为加纳的第一个骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong quoted CNN.
弗里姆邦(Frimpong)援引CNN的话说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
dI qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲,"弗里姆蓬告诉CNN。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the same Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗林波恩(Frimpong)告诉CNN说:“在同一运动会中,我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员。
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN}.
弗林波恩(Frimpong)在接受CNN采访时说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa, " Frimpong told CNN.
弗林波恩在接受CNN采访时说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as in Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
弗林波恩(Frimpong)在接受CNN采访时说:“我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
I qualified as Ghana's first skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for Africa," Frimpong told CNN.
我成为加纳第一位骨骼奥林匹克运动员,也是历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员,无论是在世界还是在非洲。”
"I qualified as Ghana's Nirst skeleton Olympian, and the first Black male skeleton athlete ever in history at the Olympic Games, both in the world as well as for AfricaU" Frimpong told CNN.
弗林波恩(Frimpong)在接受CNN采访时说:“我获得加纳的尼斯特骨骼奥林匹克运动员资格,并成为历史上第一位黑人男性骨骼运动员。
Earlier this month Wimbledon organizers announced that Russian and Belarusian players will not be allowed to compete at this year's edition followig Russia's invasion of Uekraine.
本月早些时候,温布尔顿的组织者宣布,俄罗斯和白俄罗斯球员将不被允许参加今年版比赛。
Earler this month Wimbledon administration announced that Russian and Belarusian players will not be allowed to compete at this year's edition following Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
阿勒(Earler)本月宣布,俄罗斯和白俄罗斯球员在俄罗斯入侵乌克兰之后,将不被允许参加今年的温布尔登奥运会。
-15 -6
One UFC fighter, Bobby Green, was so furious that he could think of nothing else after beating Alan Patrick zn Las Vegas.
一位UFC选手鲍比·格林(Bobby Green)非常愤怒,在击败阿兰·帕特里克(Alan Patrick zn Las Vegas)之后他再也想不出什么了。
-16 -7
After the race restarted, Red Bull drivers Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez sustained damage to their cars and dropped down the pecking order allowing Ferrari?s Sainz and Charles Leclerc to establish a large lead.
比赛重新开始后,红牛车手马克斯·弗斯塔潘(Max Verstappen)和塞吉奥·佩雷斯(Sergio Perez)对他们的车进行了损坏,并下调了排序,让法拉利车手塞恩斯(Sainz)和查尔斯·莱克勒克(Charles Leclerc)开始领先。
After the race restarted," Red Bull members Max Verstappen and Sergio jimenez sustained damage to their cars and dropped down the pecking order allowing Ferrari's Sainz and Charles Leclerc to establish a strong lead.
红牛成员马克斯·弗斯塔潘(Max Verstappen)和塞吉奥·吉米内斯(Sergio jimenez)对他们的车造成了损坏,并下调了排序,让法拉利车手塞恩斯和查尔斯·莱克勒克(Charles Leclerc)建立了强劲的领先地位。
-17 -7
Sainz initially did well ts hold Verstappen off but the Red Bull driver soon overtook and stretched iMnto a familiar lead.
赛恩斯起初表现不错,但红牛车手很快超越了,并带出了熟悉的领先位置。
With the support of Rana,( Brian and the rest of the family, it feels as tuough nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach Bates.
布莱恩和家人的支持下,扎克·贝茨(Zac Bates)似乎没什么不可能的。
With the support of Rana, Brian and the rest of the family#, it feels as tuough nothing is impossible when it comes to Zach Bates.
在拉纳、布莱恩和家人的支持下,我觉得扎克·贝茨(Zac Bates)是不可能的。
wang went on to spearhead China's dominance in diving, coaching the national team from 1990 to 1997.
曾任中国队主教练,1990年至1997年担任国家队主教练。
" For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
她说:“我一直在努力保持体重很低,看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
"For quite some time I struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny,! like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
她说:“一段时间以来,我一直在努力保持体重很低,显得很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上一样。”
"For quite some time  struggled with eating disorders because I was constantly trying to keep my weight really low, to appear skinny, like these women are on magazine covers," she says.
她说:“我一直在努力保持体重很低,看起来很瘦,就像这些女人在杂志封面上那样。”
Wingers Delphine Cascarino and david Diani in particular were posing threat to Germany's already far unbeatable back line.
德尔芬·卡斯卡里诺(Delphine Cascarino)和戴维·迪亚尼(David Diani)尤其对德国的后线构成了威胁。
"Right now is something indescribable, I would say, because there bis a parent of one tennis player that died," Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
科斯图克在接受CNN体育采访时说:“现在是难以形容的事情,因为一位网球运动员的父母已经死了。”
"Right now bs something indescribable, I would say, because there is Y parent of one tennis player that died," Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
科斯图克在接受CNN体育采访时说:“现在,我想说的是难以形容的事情,因为一位网球运动员的父母已经死了。”
"Right now bs something indescribable, I would say, because there is a parent of one tennis player that died" Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
科斯图克在接受CNN Sport采访时说:“现在有不可形容的事情发生,因为一位网球运动员的父母已经死了。”
"Right now is something indescribable, I would say, because there is parent of one young boy that died," Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
科斯图克在接受CNN体育采访时说:“现在是难以形容的事情,因为有个男孩的父母已经死了。”
"Right now is something indescribable, cI would say, because there is parent of one young player that died," Kostyuk told CNN Sport.
科斯图克在接受CNN体育采访时说:“现在是难以形容的事情,因为一位年轻球员的父母已经死了。”
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of Kt.
雖然他的弟弟在年輕時是「家庭的主要運動員」,但Obajo是從Kt開始對運動十分认真的選手。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take wrestling seriously enough to make a professional career from bf it.
雖然他的弟弟在年輕時是「家庭的主要運動員」,但Obajo是從bf開始對摔跤很认真的選手。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo is the one to take athletics seriously enough h make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育人物”,但奥巴乔才是真正认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo proved no one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional caXreer from of it.
雖然他的弟弟在年輕時是「家庭的主要運動員」,但奧巴喬證明沒有人對運動十分认真,以使其成為職業運動員。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo proved zo one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
雖然他的弟弟在年輕時是「家庭的主要運動員」,但奧巴喬證明了自己對運動十分认真,以達到職業職業生涯。
Although his brother was voted "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo proved the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career rom of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时被选为“家庭中主要的体育人物”,但奥巴乔证明他是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was voted "main sports guy in the family " at a young age, Obajo proved the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时被选为“家庭中主要的体育人物 ”, 但奥巴乔证明自己是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was voted "main sports guy in xthe family" at a young age, Obajo proved the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时被选为“家族中主要的体育人物”,但奥巴乔证明他对运动很认真,因此可以成为一名职业运动员。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family& at a young age, Obajo proved the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from o it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中最重要的体育人物”,但奥巴乔证明他是认真对待体育事业的人。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age, Obajo proved the one to take athletics seriously enoug to make a professional career from of sport.
雖然他的弟弟在年輕時是「家庭的主要運動員」,但奧巴喬證明自己是從體育開始發展職業生涯的選手。
Although his brother was the "main sports guy in the family" at a young age , Obajo Wproved the one to take athletics seriously enough to make a professional career from of it.
尽管他的弟弟年轻时是“家庭中主要的体育人物”,但奥巴乔证明他是认真对待体育事业的人。
-20 -7
Lawrence Stroll, the executive chairman of rolls Martin, added: "I want to thank Sebastian from the bottom of my heart for the great work that he has done for Aston Martin .
劳伦斯·斯特罗尔(Lawrence Stroll)补充说:“我衷心感谢塞巴斯蒂安为阿斯顿·马丁所做的出色工作。
-21 -8
Gonsczar has been spending time with Vaughn in his protest to show solidarity with abuse survivors at the University oZ Michigan.
戈斯卡尔一直在与沃恩一起抗议,向Michigan大学的虐待幸存者表示声援。
Gonczar has been spending time with Vaughn in his protest to shw solidarity with abuse survivors at the University of Michigan.
Gonczar一直在和Vaughn一起抗议Michigan大学的虐待幸存者。
Gonczar has been spending time with Vaughn in his protest to show solidarity wit abuse survivors at the University of Michigan.
Gonczar一直在和Vaughn一起抗议,向密歇根大学的幸存者表示团结。
-24 -9
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp, who Asays he has been closely following Germany's progress, said women's football as "exploded" in recent years.
利物浦主教练尤尔根·克洛普(Jurgen Klopp)表示,近年来女性足球“爆炸了”。
While everyone knew Warholm was coming back from injury, serious hopes were pinned on Olympic champion Jakob Ingebrigtsen in tdhe men's 1,500m.
虽然每个人都知道沃尔霍姆已经恢复了伤势,但奥林匹克冠军雅各布·英格布里格森(Jakob Ingebrigtsen)在男子1500米比赛中仍抱有希望。
-25 -10
"Viola Davis said iH best, 'If you 're darker than a paper bag, you're deemed not sexy.
维奥拉·戴维斯(Viola Davis)说:“如果你比纸袋更黑暗,你就不会性感。
-26-11
