Shakira has failed to reached an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public affairs team.
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在公开事务小组发表的声明中坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed and reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在公开关系小组发表的声明中坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released in her public relations team.
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors involving tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉在涉及逃税指控方面未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go onto trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将继续坚持自己无罪,据她的公共关系团队发表的声明。
-1
Shakira subsequently failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉随后未能与西班牙检察官就逃税问题达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to sign an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉没有与西班牙检察官签署关于逃税指控的协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with government prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与政府检察官达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on her innocence, according to a statement made by her public relations team.
沙基拉没有与西班牙检察官就逃税问题达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
Shakira has failed to reach an agreement with Spanish prosecutors on tax evasion charges, and she will go to trial insisting on his innocence, according to a statement released by her public relations team.
沙基拉在逃税问题上未能与西班牙检察官达成协议,她将在法庭上坚持自己无罪。
"When you give me this award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino, who really taught me everything I know about acting," she said at the time.
当时她说:“当你给我这个奖时,你将我父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino)作为我的荣誉。
"When please give me this award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino, who has taught me everything I know about acting," she said at the time.
当时她说:“请给我这个奖项时,你应该为我父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino)表示敬意。
"When you give me this award, you honor my hero, Paul Sorvino, who has taught me everything I know about acting," she said at the time.
当时她说:“当你给我这个奖时,你将我的英雄保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino)作为我的荣誉。
"When you give me my award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino, who has taught me everything I know about acting," she said at the time.
当时她说:“当你给我的奖时,你将我父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino)作为我的荣誉。
"When you give out this award, you honor my father, Paul Sorvino, who has taught me everything I know about acting," she said at the time.
当时她说:“当你颁发这个奖项时,你将我父亲保罗·索尔维诺(Paul Sorvino)作为我的荣誉。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering our message about the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放下一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她才告诉我们她“不能等不及把它归纳出来。
Only she could drop a statement titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能够放弃一个题为“美国有问题”的声明,她才告诉我们,她“不能等不及发表声明。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a sermon about the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放弃一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她才告诉我们她“不能等不及发表声明。
Only she could drop a track about "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她在《美国有问题》(America Has a Problem)中插了一段,她才告诉我们,她“不能等不及把它背出来。”
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering any message about the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放下一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她才告诉我们她“不能等不及把它背出来。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about this state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放下一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她才告诉我们,她“不能等不及把它背出来。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, she lets everyone know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能丢掉一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,而她却让每个人都知道她“不能等不及把它背出来”。
Only she could drop this track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放弃这首歌,题为“美国有问题”,而她却告诉我们她“不能等不及把它归纳起来。
Only we could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
我们只能丢掉一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,而她却告诉我们,她“不能等着拍下来。
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about the state of the world, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放下一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她才告诉我们,她“不能等不及来支持它。”
Only she could drop a track titled "America Has a Problem" and instead of delivering a message about her state of the country, she lets us know she "Can't wait to back it up.
只有她才能放弃一首名为“美国有问题”的歌曲,她却告诉我们,她“不能等不及把它背出来。
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the soundtrack.
尼日利亚艺术家泰姆斯演唱了鲍勃·马利的《No Woman, No Cry》、阿马雷的《A Body, A Coffin》和圣菲·克兰的《Soy》。
Nigerian artist exile sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album.
尼日利亚的流亡艺术家在专辑中演唱了鲍勃·马利的“No Woman, No Cry”、阿马雷的“A Body, A Coffin”和圣菲·克兰的“Soy”。
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No laugh, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album.
尼日利亚歌手泰姆斯演唱了鲍勃·马利的《No laugh, No Cry》、阿马雷的《A Body, A Coffin》和圣菲·克兰的《Soy》。
Nigerian artist Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by santa Fe Klan also feature on the album.
尼日利亚歌手泰姆斯演唱了鲍勃·马利的歌曲《No Woman, No Cry》、阿马雷的歌曲《A Body, A Coffin》和圣塔菲·克兰的歌曲《Soy》。
Nigerian musician Tems sings a cover of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry," "A Body, A Coffin" by Amaarae and "Soy" by Santa Fe Klan also feature on the album.
尼日利亚音乐家泰姆斯演唱了鲍勃·马利的《No Woman, No Cry》、阿马雷的《A Body, A Coffin》和圣菲·克兰的《Soy》。
Smith charged the stage and hit Rock after he made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett of hairstyle, who suffers from alopecia.
史密斯在谈到他的妻子雅达·普尼克特(Jada Pinkett)发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发
Smith charged the stage and hit Rock after he made a joke about his wife, Jada criticizing Smith's hairstyle, who suffers from alopecia.
史密斯在对妻子贾达(Jada)的笑话中批评了史密斯的发型,她患有发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发
Smith charged the stage and hit Rock after he made this joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith's hairstyle, who suffers from alopecia.
史密斯在谈到他的妻子雅达·普尼克特·史密斯(Jada Pinkett Smith)的发型,她患有发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型
Smith charged the stage and hit Rock after he made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith's hairstyle, who suffering from alopecia.
史密斯在自己妻子雅达·普尼克特·史密斯的发型上开了一个玩笑,她患发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型发型
"Well, don't worry, it's going to be a long act," ben said, clarifying his comments.
“好吧,别担心,这会很长一段时间,”本解释说。
Producers for the beloved game show have decided to keep the "Big Bang Theory" star Mayim Bialik and champ Ken Jennings in place as "Jeopardy" hosts for the foreseeable future, with the pair splitting duties.
《大爆炸理论》(Big Bang Theory)的明星梅里姆·比亚利克(Mayim Bialik)和冠军肯·珍宁斯(Ken Jennings)决定在可预见的未来继续担任《危险》的主持人,两人的职责将分开。
Producers for the beloved halftime show have decided to keep former "Big Bang Theory" star Mayim Bialik and champ Ken Jennings in place as "Jeopardy" hosts for the foreseeable future, with the pair splitting duties.
該節目的製作人已決定將前《Big Bang Theory》的明星梅伊姆·比亞利克和冠軍肯·珍寧斯(Ken Jennings)留作「傑帕迪」的主持人,並將兩人的任務分開。
Producers for the beloved game show have decided to keep former "Big Bang Theory" star Mayim Bialik to champ Ken Jennings in place as "Jeopardy" hosts for the foreseeable future, with the pair splitting duties.
游戏节目的制作人已经决定将前“大爆炸理论”明星梅伊姆·比亚利克(Mayim Bialik)留给凯恩·珍宁斯(Ken Jennings)担任“吉奥帕迪”主持人,并让两人分担职责。
Producers for the beloved game show have decided to keep former "Big Bang Theory" star jeff Bialik and champ Ken Jennings in place as "Jeopardy" hosts for the foreseeable future, with the pair splitting duties.
游戏节目的制作人已经决定将前“大爆炸理论”明星杰夫·比亚利克(Jeff Bialik)和冠军肯·珍宁斯(Ken Jennings)作为“杰帕迪”节目的主持人留在可预见的未来。
beyonce honors him with one of the greatest lines on the album: "Uncle Jonny made my dress," she sings on "Heated.
“乔尼叔叔做了我的裙子,”她在歌曲“Heated”中演唱。
Bronx native Mero described Lopez as a smart, "South side Jamaica, Queens kid" who graduated with honors from college and came across sketch comedy writing before he became famous.
梅罗(Mero)称洛佩斯是一位聪明的“牙买加南部,皇后的孩子”,他从大学获得荣誉毕业,在成为著名的前遇到了编剧喜剧的草图。
Bronx native Mero described Lopez as a smart, "South side Jamaica, Queens kid" who graduated top honors from college and came across Mero's comedy writing before he became famous.
布朗克斯出生的梅罗形容洛佩斯是一个聪明的“南牙买加,皇后的孩子”,他从大学毕业并遇到梅罗的喜剧创作,在他成为名人之前。
-3-1
There is symbolism behind Mero's seeming loyalty to Lopez that dates back to well before the show came to be.
梅罗对洛佩斯的忠诚似乎是象征性的,它可以追溯到该剧出现之前。
-4-2
busted on set all great is coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j," the caption read.
《水手2》即将到来,我的阿罗哈J,”标题写道。
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j," the sign read.
看板上写着:"AQUAMAN2,我的阿罗哈,我的阿罗哈,我的阿罗哈,我的阿罗哈。
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha girls" the caption read.
《水手2》的字幕中写道:“我所有的阿罗哈女孩都到了。
busted on set with great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j," the caption read.
“AQUAMAN2,我的阿罗哈J,”字幕中写道。
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 to my aloha j," the caption read.
“AQUAMAN2到我的aloha j上来了,”字幕中写道。
busted the set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j," the caption read.
《水手2》一书中写道:“我所有的阿罗哈都打败了。
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha j," the announcer read.
“AQUAMAN2,我的阿罗哈J,”宣布者读道。
busted on set all great things coming AQUAMAN 2 all my aloha love" the caption read.
《水手2》的字幕中写道:“我爱阿罗哈。
Devoted Marvel fans will have to wait and see how director Taika yamamoto brings Jane Foster's Thor to life when the film hits theaters this weekend.
杰克·福斯特(Jane Foster)的《索尔》这个周末在电影院上映时,杰克·福斯特(Jane Foster)的《索尔》的导演泰卡·山本(Taika yamamoto)将如何给杰克·福斯特(Jane Foster)的《索尔》带来生命?
Devoted Marvel fans will have to wait and see how director Taika Waititi brings Jane Foster's Thor to life when the film hits theaters this weekend.
当这部电影在周末上映时,杰恩·福斯特(Jane Foster)的《索尔》将被导演泰卡·怀蒂(Taika Waititi)带到舞台上,迷恋的漫威迷们将不得不等待。
Devoted Marvel fans will have to wait for see how director Taika Waititi brings Jane Foster's Thor to life when the film hits theaters this weekend.
杰克逊·福斯特(Jane Foster)的《索尔》将于本周末上映时,杰克逊·福斯特(Jane Foster)的《索尔》的导演泰卡·韦蒂蒂(Taika Waititi)将如何让杰克逊·福斯特(Jane Foster)的《索尔》重生?
-6  -2
After its run in Beverly Hills, the restaurant will go on tour, hitting New York, Miami, San Francisco and Chicago in the coming year, through Spring 2023.
经过在贝弗利希尔斯举办的巡演后,该餐馆将在2023年春期间进行巡演,在纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥巡演。
After its run in Beverly Hills, a restaurant will go on tour, hitting New York, Miami, San Francisco and Chicago in the coming months, through Spring 2023.
之后,一家餐馆将在2023年春天到纽约、迈阿密、旧金山和芝加哥进行巡回演出。
Directors Mario Diaz and Jessica Sherif also personalize every presentation by interviewing the children of some of the past comedians featured, such as Pryor's daughters, Elizabeth and Rain.
导演马里奥·迪亚斯(Mario Diaz)和杰西卡·谢里夫(Jessica Sherif)也通过采访过去一些喜剧演员的孩子们,如普里奥的女儿伊丽莎白和雷恩(Elizabeth and Rain)。
"Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" stars Lupita delgado, Michaela Coel, Martin Freeman, Letitia Wright, Angela Bassett, Danai Gurira, Florence Kasumba, Tenoch Huerta and Dominique Thorne.
《黑豹:永远的若冈达》由卢比塔·德尔加多、米歇拉·科尔、马丁·弗里曼、莱蒂夏·赖特、安吉拉·巴塞特、达内·古里拉、佛罗伦萨·卡桑巴、特诺克·胡尔塔和多米尼克·索恩主演。
"Black Panther: Wakanda war" stars Lupita Nyong'o, Michaela Coel, Martin Freeman, Letitia Wright, Angela Bassett, Danai Gurira, Florence Kasumba, Tenoch Huerta and Dominique Thorne.
《黑豹:瓦坎达战争》的主角是卢比塔·尼奥(Lupita Nyong'o),米歇拉·科尔(Michaela Coel),马丁·弗里曼(Martin Freeman),莱蒂夏·赖特(Letitia Wright),安吉拉·巴塞特(Angela Bassett),达尼·古里拉(Danai Gurira),佛罗伦萨·卡桑巴(Florence Kasumba),特诺克·胡尔塔(Tenoch Huerta)和多米尼克·索恩(Dominique Thorne)。
"Black market: Wakanda Forever" stars Lupita Nyong'o, Michaela Coel, Martin Freeman, Letitia Wright, Angela Bassett, Danai Gurira, Florence Kasumba, Tenoch Huerta and Dominique Thorne.
《黑色市场:永恒的若冈达》由卢比塔·宁戈、米歇拉·科尔、马丁·弗里曼、莱蒂夏·赖特、安吉拉·巴塞特、达内·古里拉、佛罗伦萨·卡桑巴、特诺克·胡尔塔和多米尼克·索恩主演。
-9 -3
"Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture, to all of the fallen angels whose contributions have gone unrecognized through far too long," Bey wrote.
贝写道:“感谢所有创始文化的人,感谢所有堕落的天使,他们的贡献已经太久了。
Before we even get into the actual music, the singer had more to say about it leaking days before its scheduled release.
在我们进入实际音乐之前,这位歌手有更多关于它泄漏的计划发布前几天。
Before we even get into the actual music, the singer had something ta say about it leaking days before its scheduled release.
就在我们进入实际音乐之前,这位歌手在预定发行前几天就泄露了这首歌。
They then joined the "Guy Code" before launching their extremely popular "Bodega Boys" podcast, the precursor to "Desus & Mero.
之后他们加入了Guy Code(英语:Guy Code)(Guy Code(英语:Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code(英语:Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy Code)(Guy
"Black Panther" john Chadwick Boseman died in August 2020 after a battle with colon cancer that he kept private.
约翰·查德维克·波斯曼(John Chadwick Boseman)于2020年8月因患结肠癌而死。
"Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to drive to the movies," Lucas says, but his pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary note, "When the effects become the story, we've lost our way.
卢卡斯说:“视觉效果创造出让人想去电影的魔法,但是他的同伴史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格(Steven Spielberg)补充道:“当这些效果成为故事时,我们已经迷路了。
"Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to go to the movies," Lucas says, but his pal Steven Spielberg includes the cautionary note, "When the effects become the story, we've lost our way.
卢卡斯说:“视觉效果创造出让人想去看电影的魔法,但他的同伴史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格(Steven Spielberg)也表示,“当这些效果成为故事时,我们迷路了。
"Visual effects create the magic that makes people want to go to the movies," Lucas says, but his pal Steven Spielberg adds the cautionary note, "When the effects interrupt the story, we've lost our way.
卢卡斯说:“视觉效果创造出让人想去看电影的魔法,但是他的同伴史蒂文·斯皮尔伯格(Steven Spielberg)补充道:“当这些效果干扰故事时,我们迷路了。
-12 -4
It's not a full album yet, but three songs form the "Black Panther: Wakanda Forever" soundtrack are now available for streaming.
專輯尚未完整發行,但《黑豹:若安達永遠》的三首歌曲已經可以下載。
 -13 -4
It's not a full album yet, but three songs from the "Black hole: Wakanda Forever" soundtrack are now available for streaming.
《黑洞:若田永恒》原聲帶的3首歌曲現在已可供下載。
So soft that everyone burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" to him.
1996年,他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)为她主演的《万能的情人》(Mighty Aphrodite)而颁发了奥斯卡最佳女演员奖。
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" by him.
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)为她的1996年最佳女演员奥斯卡金像奖(Academy Award)而献上她出演的《万能的情人》(Mighty Aphrodite)。
So soft that he burst into tears when his daughter Mira Sorvino dedicated her 1996 best supporting actress Academy Award for her role in "Mighty Aphrodite" to me.
他的女儿米拉·索尔维诺(Mira Sorvino)将1996年最佳女演员奥斯卡金像奖(Academy Award)献给了我,她扮演了《无敌的情人》(Mighty Aphrodite)。
either man has revealed what they are working on next and it remains to be seen if the two will reunite professionally or personally.
两人是否在专业上或个人上会重聚,还有待观察。
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an actual Note he'd written that said he often "feels like he's either flying or drowning.
4月,他在推特上发布了一张他写的笔记,上面写道他经常“感觉自己要么在飞行,要么在溺水。
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written that said he often "feels like he's either flying of drowning.
4月,他在推特上发布了一张他写过的iPhone笔记,上面写道他经常“感觉自己或者在飞行中溺水。
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written that said he often "feels like he's been flying or drowning.
4月,他在推特上发布了一张他写的iPhone笔记,其中说他经常“感觉自己飞行或溺水。
In April, he tweeted a screenshot of an iPhone Note he'd written that said he often "feels like he's either walking or drowning.
4月,他在推特上发布了一张他写的iPhone笔记,其中说他经常“感觉自己要么走路要么溺水。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with hits like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit.
碧昂丝坚固了她的歌唱能力,除了歌曲《Cozy》和《Church Girl》外,她还给我们一些吸烟能力的例子。
Beyoncé showed her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit.
碧昂丝展示了她不仅能演唱“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲,而且能让我们看到她能够吐出一点唾液的能力。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond mere singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit.
碧昂丝坚固了她的歌唱能力,除了歌曲《Cozy》和《Church Girl》外,她还给我们一些吸烟能力的例子。
Beyoncé cements her ability to go beyond just singing with tracks like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit.
碧昂丝巩固了她的歌唱能力,除了歌曲《Cozy》和《Church Girl》外,她还给我们一些吸烟能力的例子。
Beyoncé showcases her ability to go beyond just singing with songs like "Cozy" and "Church Girl," in which she gives us a sample of her ability to spit a little bit.
碧昂丝展示了她不仅能演唱“Cozy”和“Church Girl”等歌曲,而且能让我们看到她能够吐出一点唾液的能力。
This Kid Mero dude, man he's hot as f***,'" Mero recalled of those early years in the clip.
梅罗回忆道,“这孩子,梅罗,他热得像F***一样,”梅罗回忆道,“这孩子,梅罗,这家伙,他热得像F***一样,”梅罗回忆道
-14 -5。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex title, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会,以“Desus vs.
The two were the favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 that offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前都为黑人Twitter所喜爱的独具创意的推特,他们以“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites around Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, us vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以《Complex podcast》提供他们对流行文化的看法。
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their humorous tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for creating witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before coming together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on american culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式聚会前,以“Desus vs.
The two were each favorites of Black Twitter for their witty tweets, before pairing together professionally in December 2013 to offer their takes on pop culture with the Complex podcast, "Desus vs.
两人在2013年12月正式合并前,以“Desus vs.
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with the company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved at a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你去参加这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, therefore I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,因此我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a cat dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做猫爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a serious dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个认真的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey being a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a good dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个好狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved through a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你参加这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a place like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你去参加这样的地方。
I'm a retired dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个退休的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a bit bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what motivated you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么激励你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and this inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,这启发了你去参加这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a single dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你作为一个单身父亲的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you then get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with that company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you could get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你参与这样的公司。
I'm another passionate dog mom myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我也是一个热心的狗妈妈,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
I'm a passionate dog vet myself, so I wanted to ask you a little bit about your journey as a dog dad, and what inspired you to get involved with a company like this.
我是个热心的狗兽医,所以我想问一下你做狗爸爸的经历,是什么启发你加入这样的公司。
