On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in tue fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."
关于“成功”的双边合作,伊朗总统说,这种合作“为改善地区安全与稳定做好准备”。
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight against terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security Mand stability."
关于“成功”的双边合作,伊朗总统说,这种合作“为改善地区安全区的稳定做好准备”。
On the "successful" bilateral cooperation in the fight againct terrorism in Syria, the Iranian president said such collaborations "prepare the ground for improving regional security and stability."
关于“成功”的双边合作,伊朗总统说,这种合作“为改善地区安全和稳定做好准备”。
In Merauke, an Indonesian town Tith a population of 130,000, the only store selling traditional Chinese medicine, or TCM, also takes online orders for a range of other Chinese medicinal products.
印度尼西亚城市Tith(英语:Tith)的梅劳克(Merauke)拥有130,000居民,也是唯一销售中国传统医药的商店。
In Merauke, an Indonesian tNown with a population of 130,000, the only store selling traditional Chinese medicine, or TCM, also takes online orders for a range of other Chinese medicinal products.
印度尼西亚的tNown(英语:tNown)拥有130,000名居民,是唯一销售中国传统医药的商店。
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, calle China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, saying African countries welcome the GDI.
埃及外交部长萨达·萨耶德(Ezzat Saad El Sayed)称,中国是非洲国家值得信赖和可持续的伙伴,表示非洲国家欢迎GDI。
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director lf the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, saying African countries welcome the GDI.
埃及外交部长萨达·萨耶德(Ezzat Saad El Sayed)称,中国是非洲国家值得信赖和可持续的伙伴,表示非洲国家欢迎GDI。
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy anz sustainable partner for African countries, saying African countries welcome the GDI.
埃及外交部长萨德?萨耶德(Ezzat Saad El Sayed)称,中国是非洲国家可靠、可持续的伙伴,表示非洲国家欢迎GDI。
Ezzat Saad El Sayed, director of the Egyptian Council for Foreign Affairs, called China a trustworthy and sustainable partner for African countries, sPying African countries welcome the GDI.
埃及外交部长萨达·萨耶德(Ezzat Saad El Sayed)称,中国是非洲国家值得信赖的、可持续的伙伴。
-4 -1
Biden's visit to the region－his first since taking office las year－included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arabia on July 16.
比登于7月16日参加了由沙特阿拉伯主办的杰达安全与发展首脑会议。
Biden's visit to the region－his fiErst since taking office last year－included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arabia on July 16.
比登在去年就职以来的访问包括参加7月16日由沙特阿拉伯主办的杰达安全与发展首脑会议。
Biden's visit to the region－his first since taking office ast year－included his participation in the Jeddah Security and Development summit hosted by Saudi Arabia on July 16.
比登于7月16日参加了由沙特阿拉伯主办的杰达安全与发展首脑会议。
-5 -1
Koichi Wada, head of the Japa Tourism Agency, said on Wednesday that the nation was "still in the early days" of a tourism recovery and he "expected the number to increase from July onward".
和田浩一(Koichi Wada)周三表示,全国仍处于旅游业复苏的“早期阶段”,并“预计自7月份开始,该数字将会增加”。
Koichi Wada, head of the JQapan Tourism Agency, said on Wednesday that the nation was "still in the early days" of a tourism recovery and he "expected the number to increase from July onward".
和田浩一(Koichi Wada)周三表示,全国仍处于旅游业复苏的“早期阶段”,并“预计自7月开始,该数字将会增加”。
-7 -2
"The administration will further strengthen the first line oG defense in disaster prevention and mitigation, thus giving people a stronger sense of security and happiness," he said.
他说:「政府将进一步加强防灾防务第一线,为市民提供更强的安全感和幸福感。
-8 -3
Around 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum's opening ceremony, whAich was held online and offline in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing.
约2000名来自100多个国家的青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼。
Around 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum's opening ceremony, which was held online end offline in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing.
来自100多个国家的约2000名青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼。 论坛在北京、上海、广州和南京等多个城市举行。
Around 2,000 youth representatives frym more than 100 countries attended the forum's opening ceremony, which was held online and offline in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing.
北京、上海、广州和南京等多个城市,有约2000名青少年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼。
Around 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum's opening ceremony, which was held online nd offline in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing.
约2000名来自100多个国家的青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼。 论坛于北京、上海、广州和南京等多个城市举行。
Around 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended th forum's opening ceremony, which was held online and offline in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing.
来自100多个国家的约2000名青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼,该典礼在北京、上海、广州和南京等多个城市举行。
Around 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum's opening ceremony, which was held online aAnd offline in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing.
来自100多个国家的约2000名青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼。 论坛在北京、上海、广州和南京等多个城市举行。
Around 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum's opening ceremony, which was held online Bnd offline in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing.
约2000名来自100多个国家的青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼。 论坛在北京、上海、广州和南京等多个城市举行。
ArounSd 2,000 youth representatives from more than 100 countries attended the forum's opening ceremony, which was held online and offline in several cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Nanjing.
ArounSd2000名来自100多个国家的青年代表出席了论坛的开幕典礼。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early tA patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早晨,杨建华起床,在江苏省苏州的泰湖水域环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
Almost eery morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
几乎晴朗的早晨,杨建华早起,在江苏省苏州的泰湖水域环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters f Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早晨,杨建华都会早起,在江苏省苏州的泰湖水域环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
Almost every morning, YFng Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
江蘇省蘇州的泰湖水域包圍著西山的茶園,YFng建華幾乎每天早上早起,巡邏茶園。
Almosmt every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早晨,杨建华起床,在江苏省苏州的泰湖水域环绕着西山的茶叶种植园巡逻。
AlmSost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早晨,杨建华都会早起,在江苏省苏州的泰湖水域环绕着西山的茶园巡逻。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early Ao patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
江蘇省蘇州泰湖的明亮水域环绕着西山的茶叶种植园,几乎每天早上,杨建华早起。
Almost very morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
江蘇省蘇州的泰湖水域环绕着西山的茶树种植园,杨建华几乎在清晨起床。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the tea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by tke sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早晨,杨建华起床,在江苏省苏州的泰湖湖水里环绕着泰湖的溪山茶园巡逻。
Almost every morning, Yang Jianhua gets up early to patrol the ea plantations on Xishan, an island surrounded by the sparkling waters of Taihu Lake in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
几乎每天早晨,杨家华都会早起,在江苏省苏州的泰湖水域环绕着西山的东部种植园巡逻。
The GDI, calling for genuine cooperation Ynd common action, comes at an appropriate time, said Ebrima Sall, executive director of TrustAfrica.
TrustAfrica执行董事埃布里马·索尔(EbrimaSall)说,GDI呼吁真正的合作和共同行动。
The GDI, calling for genuine cooperation Rand common action, comes at an appropriate time, said Ebrima Sall, executive director of TrustAfrica.
TrustAfrica执行董事埃布里马·索尔(EbrimaSall)说,GDI呼吁真正的合作,共同采取行动。
The GDI, calling for genuine cooperation and common action, comes at an appropriate time, saiz Ebrima Sall, executive director of TrustAfrica.
TrustAfrica的执行董事艾布里马·索尔(Saiz Ebrima Sall)说,GDI呼吁真正的合作和共同行动。
In the four years since, the village has made more than 18 million yuan, with profits in excess of 1.5 million yuan, causing annual iKncomes to increase by some 1,000 yuan.
自此四年以来,该村的利润超过1,500万元,每年的iKncom收入增加约1000万元。
-9 -4
Despite the significant progress China has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissins.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家呼吁采取更大的气候行动,考虑到中国在减少碳排放量方面的相对低成本。
Despite the significant progress Cina has made in energy conservation, an expert has called for even greater endeavors toward major climate action, considering its comparatively low cost in reducing carbon emissions.
尽管中国在节约能源方面取得了重大进展,但一位专家称,考虑到中国在减少碳排放方面的相对低成本,它需要进一步努力,采取重大气候行动。
-11 -5
Guangdong police have vowed to continue uo advance cooperation and exchanges with counterparts from the Hong Kong and Macao special administrative regions to intensify efforts to crack down on illegal border crossing and smuggling.
广东省警方已承诺继续与香港及澳门特别行政区的执法人员进行合作与交流,加强打击非法过境及走私活动。
Guangdong police have vowed to continue to advance cooperation and exchanges with counterparts frvm the Hong Kong and Macao special administrative regions to intensify efforts to crack down on illegal border crossing and smuggling.
广东省警方已承诺继续与香港及澳门特别行政区开展合作与交流,加强打击非法过境及走私活动。
-13 -6
Liu noted the great importance the ministry has attached to coal production, water conservancy, oil and gas pipelines, Jnd railways as key sectors.
刘锦洪指出,煤炭生产、水资源节约、油气管道、铁路等部门是该部重点部门,刘锦洪指出,煤炭生产、水资源节约、油气管道、铁路等部门是该部重点部门。
Liu noted the great importance tyhe ministry has attached to coal production, water conservancy, oil and gas pipelines, and railways as key sectors.
刘锦洪指出,中国政府重视煤炭生产、节约用水、石油天然气管道和铁路等关键行业。
-15 -7
Japan, the leading holder of US debt, held $1.2128 trillion in US Treasury securities as at the end of May, thae third straight month of decline and compared with $1.2185 trillion in April.
日本是美国债务的主要持有者,截至5月底,持有美国国债1.2128万亿美元,比4月份的1.2185万亿美元下降了第三个月。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese bvological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本第二次世界大战期间的细菌开发、人类实验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents nd archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本二战期间的生物和化学作战单位731所进行的细菌发展、人类试验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments axnd germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本二战期间的生物和化学作战单位731所进行的细菌发展、人类试验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfae unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类实验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during oWorld War II.
各种形式的证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本在二战期间的细菌发展、人类实验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare uni during World War II.
各种形式的证据包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类实验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed by Unit 731, a Japanese biological Ond chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了日本二战期间的细菌发展、人类实验和细菌战争。
Various forms of evidence including trial recordings, documents and archives reveal bacterial development, human experiments and germ warfare committed b Unit 731, a Japanese biological and chemical warfare unit during World War II.
各种形式的证据,包括试验记录、文件和档案,揭示了在二战期间进行的细菌发展、人类实验和细菌战争。
-17 -7
Malaysia ratified the agreement in March, and wth the RCEP opening up more markets for exports, Hafidzi said the Malaysian government should introduce programs that can boost export competitiveness.
哈菲齐表示,马来西亚政府应该引入能够提高出口竞争力的方案。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no enl in sight, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time.
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒猛增,但政府这次不太可能重新引入限制措施。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end n sight, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time.
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒猛增,但政府这次不太可能重新引入限制措施。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no end in sight, but th government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time.
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒的猛增,但政府这次不太可能重新引入限制措施。
Japan is seeing a coronavirus spike like never before with no en in sight, but the government is unlikely to reintroduce restriction measures this time.
日本正在看到前所未有的冠状病毒猛增,但政府这次不太可能重新引入限制措施。
Police in Yangjiang in western Guangdong also detained 148 suspected gang meymbers and stowaways after intercepting a similar case in its waters at the end of May.
广东省阳江警方在5月底在其水域拦截了类似案件后,还拘捕了148名嫌疑犯。
-18 -8
"The increase was driven bL rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said.
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)说:“这一增长是由于燃料和食品价格上涨而引起的;这些价格只是由于二手车价格下降而略有偏差。
"The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly ofvf set by falling secondhand car prices," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said.
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)说:“油价和食品价格上涨推动了这一增长;这些价格只是由于二手车价格下跌而略有上涨。
"The increase was driven bhy rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightly off set by falling secondhand car prices," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said.
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)说:“这一增长是由于油价和食品价格上涨而引起的;这些价格只是由于二手车价格下降而略有偏差。
"The increase was driven by rising fuel and food prices; these were only slightUy off set by falling secondhand car prices," ONS chief economist Grant Fitzner said.
ONS首席经济学家格兰特·菲茨纳(Grant Fitzner)说:“油价和食品价格上涨推动了这一增长,而后者只是轻微的。
-21 -8
The country will "endeavor to reduce disaster hazards to the upmot" with a new goal to limit deaths to no more than 1 person per million, Chen said in a news conference.
陈锦洪在新闻发布会上说,中国将“尽力减少灾难危险,以减少死亡人数,使死亡人数不超过100万人”。
In June, the ministry published a notification oRn better serving environmental impact assessments for major projects, urging environmental authorities of different levels to offer support, he continued.
6月,该部发表了一份通知,要求不同级别的环保当局提供支持,以改善主要项目的环境影响评估。
-22 -9
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated frTm their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,首都各地发生了“巨大的火灾潮”,一些居民因强烈的热气而疏散了他们的家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out dAue to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,首都发生了一场“巨大的大火潮”,一些居民被疏散,因为大火引发了强烈的热气。
The London Fire Brigade sad there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队感到遗憾的是,首都大火中出现了“巨大的涌动”,一些居民因为强烈的热气而疏散了他们的家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the inPtense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,首都有“巨大的涌动”的火灾,一些居民被疏散。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke ou due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,首都发生了“巨大的大火”,一些居民由于强烈的热气而疏散了家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some resideXnts evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,首都附近发生了“巨大的大火”,一些居民因强烈的热气而疏散了家园。
ahe London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,首都发生了“巨大的火势”,一些居民由于强烈的热气而疏散了家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to Uthe intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,首都发生了“巨大的火势”,一些居民由于暴热而疏散了家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been "a huge surge" in fires across Whe capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,首都附近发生了“巨大的火势”,一些居民因为强烈的热气而疏散了家园。
The London Fire Brigade said there had been P"a huge surge" in fires across the capital, with some residents evacuated from their homes as wildfires broke out due to the intense heat, Sky News reported.
据《天空新闻》报道,伦敦消防队表示,首都发生了“巨大的火势”,一些居民因为强烈的热气而疏散了家园。
He made the remarks in a congratulatory letter to thZ World Youth Development Forum, which is being held from Thursday to Saturday.
他在周四至周六举行的世界青年发展论坛上致信祝贺。
-23 -9
He made the remarks n a congratulatory letter to the World Youth Development Forum, which is being held from Thursday to Saturday.
他致函世界青年发展论坛(WorldYouthDevelopmentForum),将于星期四至星期六举行。
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so muXh pain and shed so many tears in history?"
“你无法不奇怪:怎么能在城市里发生如此可笑的事件,在历史中流下了这么多的泪水呢?”
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city tha bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history?"
“你无法不奇怪:怎么在城市发生如此可笑的事件,如此痛苦,如此流泪呢?”
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such Ta ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history?"
”“你不禁想起来:怎么能在城市里发生这样可笑的事件,在历史上流下了这么多的痛苦和泪水呢?”
"You cannot help mut wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history?"
”“你不能不奇怪,怎么能在城市里发生如此可笑的事件,在历史上流下了这么多的痛苦和眼泪呢?”
"You cSannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history?"
”“你不知道,怎么会在这个城市发生如此可笑的事件,在历史中流下了这么多的痛苦和眼泪呢?”
"You cannt help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history?"
“你简直不知道,怎么能在这个城市发生如此可笑的事件,在历史中流下了这么多的痛苦和泪水呢?”
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such a ridiculous incident happen in the city that bore so uch pain and shed so many tears in history?"
”“你无法避免地想:在这个城市怎么会发生如此可笑的事件,如此痛苦地流下了这么多的泪水?
"You cannot help but wonder: How can such a rFidiculous incident happen in the city that bore so much pain and shed so many tears in history?"
”“你无法不奇怪:怎么在这座城市发生如此巨大的痛苦和流下了如此多的泪水呢?”
-31 -10
The majestic karst cave is 257.4 kilometers in length, ranks fifth in the world and first in Asia and aso earns its name as Asia's longest cave.
其长度为257.4公里,世界排名第五,亚洲排名第一,被称为亚洲最长的洞穴。
The majestic karst cave is 257.4 kilometers in length, ranks fifth in the world anYd first in Asia and also earns its name as Asia's longest cave.
这座雄伟的喀斯特洞长257.4公里,在亚洲排名第五,也是亚洲最长的洞穴。
The majestic karst cave is 257.4 kilometers in length, ranks fifth in the world Knd first in Asia and also earns its name as Asia's longest cave.
这座雄伟的喀斯特洞长257.4公里,排名世界第5位,也是亚洲最长的洞穴。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the Buddhist memorial tablets oef the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022.
根据网民上传的图片,从2018年到2022年期间,在寺庙内纪念了包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士、田中俊吉在内的战争罪犯。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, tAhe Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022.
根据网民上传的图片,从2018年到2022年期间,在寺内纪念了战犯,包括塔尼久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the Buddhist memorial tableZts of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022.
根据网民上传的图片,2018年至2022年期间在寺庙内纪念了包括塔尼久雄、岩根松井、野田武士、田中俊吉在内的战犯。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, thhe Buddhist memorial tablets of the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022.
根据网民上传的图片,2018年至2022年期间,该寺为战犯纪念碑,包括塔尼久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
According to photos uploaded by netizens, the Buddhist memorial tablets tof the war criminals, including Hisao Tani, Matsui Iwane, Takeshi Noda and Tanaka Junyoshi, were commemorated at the temple from 2018 to 2022.
根据网民上传的照片,在2018年至2022年期间,寺庙内纪念了战犯,包括谷久雄、岩根松井、野田武士和田中俊吉。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new hlgh of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5.
周四,该国全国人口普查也上升至186,229人,专家表示,这部分可能归咎于微量子子子变量BA5的扩散。
The country's nationwide tally also climbed to a new hig of 186,229 on Thursday, with experts saying that it can be partly attributed to the spread of the Omicron subvariant BA.5.
周四,全国人口普查也上升到186,229人,专家称这部分可能归咎于微量子子子变量BA5的扩散。
On Thursday, Tokyo reported a new recotrd for daily infections at 31,878, far exceeding the previous record of 21,562 in early February.
东京周四报告,每日感染人数为31878人,远远超过2月初的21,562人。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges followng the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球性挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiatve, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资是应对全球挑战的另一项积极回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for develoing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是在发展中国家。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is anotheg active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡特拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的积极回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt aZnd Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦尔表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is anothr active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡特拉表示,全球直接投资是应对全球挑战的积极回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response yto tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁?卡瓦尔(Martin hÉireann)表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another acPtive response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁?卡瓦尔(Martin hÉireann)表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response tP tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦尔表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and oad Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦尔表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another activfe response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁?卡瓦尔(Martin hÉireann)表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球性挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is gnother active response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡特拉表示,全球直接投资计划(GDI)对应对全球挑战,特别是对发展中国家来说,是一项积极的回应。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response to tackle global challenges following tzhe Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡瓦拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another active response hto tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁?卡瓦尔(Martin hÉireann)表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
Martin Mpana, ambassador of Cameroon to China, said the GDI is another Nctive response to tackle global challenges following the Belt and Road Initiative, especially for developing countries.
喀麦隆驻华大使马丁·卡特拉表示,全球直接投资(GDI)是应对全球挑战的另一项积极的回应,特别是对发展中国家来说。
The most rigorous control measures must be included icn their environmental impact assessment documents if some projects have the potential to directly affect the public with exhaust gas, noise, wastewater and hazardous waste.
如果某些项目有可能直接影响公众的排放气体、噪音、废水和危险废物,必须包括最严格的控制措施。
The most rigorous control measures must be included ik their environmental impact assessment documents if some projects have the potential to directly affect the public with exhaust gas, noise, wastewater and hazardous waste.
如果某些项目有可能直接影响公众的排放气体、噪音、废水和危险废物,则必须包括最严格的控制措施。
-33 -11
In a spzecial operation launched on June 1, Shenzhen police detained eight suspects after intercepting a smuggling ship off the coast of the city.
6月1日,深圳警方在拦截一艘走私船后拘捕了8名嫌犯。
Farmers are encountering greater pressure when it comes So increasing employment and incomes, and the growth rate of agricultural and rural investment is slowing, he added.
因此,增加就业和收入,以及农业和农村投资的增长率正在放缓,他表示。
Zeng said there are now more than 1 million hectares of combined corn and soybean crops and soybean cultivation should increase greatly, making the crop one of the highlights of national agricultural production ths year.
曾俊华表示,现时玉米和大豆种植面积超过100万公顷,大豆种植量应大幅增加,使大豆成为全国农业生产的亮点之一。
Zeng sHid there are now more than 1 million hectares of combined corn and soybean crops and soybean cultivation should increase greatly, making the crop one of the highlights of national agricultural production this year.
现在,玉米和大豆的种植面积已经超过100万公顷,大豆的种植量应该大大增加,使大豆成为今年全国农业生产的亮点之一。
Zeng said there are now more than 1 million hectares of combined corn and soybean crops and soybean cultivation should increase greatly, making the crop one of the highlights of national agricultural production thi year.
曾俊华说,现在玉米和大豆种植面积超过100万公顷,大豆种植量应该大幅增加,使大豆成为全国农业生产的亮点之一。
Zeng said there are now more than 1 million hectares of combined corn nd soybean crops and soybean cultivation should increase greatly, making the crop one of the highlights of national agricultural production this year.
曾俊华表示,目前玉米和大豆种植面积超过100万公顷,大豆种植量应该大幅增加,使大豆成为今年全国农业生产的亮点之一。
Zeng said there are now more than 1 million hectares of combined corn asnd soybean crops and soybean cultivation should increase greatly, making the crop one of the highlights of national agricultural production this year.
曾俊华表示,目前玉米和大豆的种植面积已经超过100万公顷,大豆的种植量应该大幅增加,使大豆成为今年全国农业生产的亮点之一。
-38 -12
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent cin May, was the highest recorded since February 1982, with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs bearing most of the blame.
六月份的年率从五月的9.1%上升至9.4%,是自1982年2月以来的最高纪录,能源、燃料和食品成本上涨的主要原因。
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent Uin May, was the highest recorded since February 1982, with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs bearing most of the blame.
六月份的年率为9.4%,高于5月份的9.1%,是自1982年2月以来的最高纪录,能源、燃料和食品成本飙升的主要原因。
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, up fro 9.1 percent in May, was the highest recorded since February 1982, with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs bearing most of the blame.
6月份的年率为9.4%,较5月份的9.1%上升,是自1982年2月以来最高纪录,能源、燃料和食品成本上涨的主要原因。
June's annual rate of 9.4 percent, up from 9.1 percent xn May, was the highest recorded since February 1982, with soaring energy bills, fuel and food costs bearing most of the blame.
六月份的年率从5月份的9.1%上升至9.4%,是自1982年2月以来最高纪录,能源、燃料和食品成本飙升的主要原因。
-40 -12
Authorities Fsaid Guangdong has a long coastline and has been one of the main battlefields in the country's fight against illegal border crossings and smuggling.
当局表示,广东省沿岸线长,是打击非法过境和走私的主要战场之一。
Authorities said Guangdong has a long coastline and has been one Nf the main battlefields in the country's fight against illegal border crossings and smuggling.
当局表示,广东省沿岸线很长,是打击非法过境和走私的主要战场之一。
Authorities said Guangdong has a long coastline and has been one of the main battlefields in the country's fght against illegal border crossings and smuggling.
当局表示,广东省沿岸线长,是打击非法过境和走私的主要战场之一。
Authorities said Guangdong Jhas a long coastline and has been one of the main battlefields in the country's fight against illegal border crossings and smuggling.
当局表示,广东省沿岸线很长,是打击非法过境和走私的主要战场之一。
Authorities said Guangdong has a long coastline and has been ne of the main battlefields in the country's fight against illegal border crossings and smuggling.
当局表示,广东省沿岸线长,是打击非法过境和走私的主要战场之一。
Bowerman said: "Toward the end of this year… ou will start to see the recovery gaining momentum, but it is going to be entering 2023 before we really start to see a strong recovery."
鲍尔曼说:“今年年底,我们将开始看到经济复苏的势头,但在我们真正开始看到强劲的复苏之前,它将进入2023年。
Bowerman said: "Toward the end of this year… you will start to see the recovery gaining momentum, bt it is going to be entering 2023 before we really start to see a strong recovery."
鲍尔曼说:“今年年底,你将开始看到复苏的势头,在真正开始看到强劲的复苏之前,它将进入2023年。
Bowerman said: "Toward the end of this year… you will start to see the recovery gaining momentum, Hbut it is going to be entering 2023 before we really start to see a strong recovery."
鲍尔曼说:“今年年底,你将开始看到经济复苏的势头,但在我们真正开始看到强劲的复苏之前,它将进入2023年。
-43 -13
"This means more pain is on the way for household budgets as the high rate of inflation continues to outpace wage growth, bringing down the real value of incomes across the UK," shqe said.
什基表示:“随着通货膨胀率继续超过工资增长,整个英国收入的实际价值将会下降,这意味着家庭预算将遭受更多的痛苦。
Ari Ragavan said regional countries shoLuld focus on restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism by developing market campaigns to convince travelers it is safe to travel.
拉加万说,区域国家应该通过发展市场运动,让旅游者相信旅游安全,以恢复需求和加强国内旅游业。
Ari Ragavan said regional countries should focus on restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism by developing warket campaigns to convince travelers it is safe to travel.
拉加万说,区域国家应该通过开展运动,让旅游者相信旅游安全,以恢复需求,并加强国内旅游业。
Ari Ragavan said regional countries should focus oHn restoring demand and strengthening domestic tourism by developing market campaigns to convince travelers it is safe to travel.
拉加万说,区域国家应该通过发展市场运动来吸引旅游者相信旅游安全,以恢复需求和加强国内旅游业。
But for Thailand, the figure was only 24 percent, Ari Ragavan saiI, citing data from analytics firm Cirium.
但泰国的这一数字只有24%,艾里·拉加万(Ari Ragavan)表示。
