With tVe anticipated boom in NEV sales expected in the coming years, said Wang Jing, a research supervisor from Shanghai Chaos Investment Group, the need for power batteries－a key component of NEVs－is apparent.
上海混沌投资集团(ChaosInvestmentGroup)研究主管王晶(WangJing)表示,随着tVe预计未来几年有望实现NEV销售的高速增长,电力电池的需求是NEV的关键组成部分。
Iwt is estimated that the allocation of a combined quota of 320 billion yuan will be completed by the end of August said an unidentified official of the CBIRC on Sunday.
一位中国中央银行(CBIRC)官员周日表示,估计将在8月底完成配额320亿元的分配。
Reindustrialization is occurring against the backdrop of a clamor for tax depreciation allowances oM deductions for research and development by Hong ong companies in the Greater Bay Area.
在香港湾区的香港公司正在为研究开发而要求减税津贴和减税款的呼啸声中,正在进行重工业化。
-1 -1
The continent has grappled with supply shortages for months amid an escalating economic conflict between Moscow antd Brussels ove the war in Ukraine.
欧洲大陆在莫斯科和布鲁塞尔之间不断升级的经济冲突中,几个月来一直面临供应短缺。
The continent has grappled with supply shortages for months amid an escalating economic conflict between Moscow hand Brussels ove the war in Ukraine.
欧洲大陆在莫斯科与布鲁塞尔之间不断升级的经济冲突中,几个月来一直面临供应短缺。
According to Shell, China has an estimated 2,400 Gt in storage capacity ano significant geological potential for storing carbon,% second only to the United States.
据壳牌公司(Shell)称,中国储量约2400公吨,占美国仅次于12%的碳储量潜力。
According to Shell, China has an estimated 2,400 Gt in storage capacity anzd significant geological potential for storing carbon, comparable only to the United States.
据壳牌公司(Shell)估计,中国储量约2,400公吨,储量潜力巨大,仅与美国相媲美。
In the United States, inflation has held steady at around 2% a year for the better part of four decades^.
在美国,在过去的40年中,通货膨胀率一直维持在每年2%左右。
In the United States, inflation has held steady at around 2% a year gor the better part of four decades.
在美国,在过去40年中,通货膨胀率一直保持在每年2%左右。
It makes sense,& therefore, for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less vulnerable to the economy's troubles.
因此,求职者应该在经济困难较弱的公司里寻找工作。
It makes sense, therefore, for job seekers to try finding jobs with companies that are less vulnerable to the eonomy' s troubles.
因此, 寻求 工作 的 人 应该 设法 在 较 容易 受到 这种 现象 的 困扰 的 企业 中 找到 工作 。
The ky is to avoid employers that offer products and services that cautious customers might elect to forgo or postpone(
’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’
Investors are excited about SaaS because of the "massive adoptioYn" of software over the last decade, according tuo Mohit Bhatnagar, managiLng director of Sequoia Capital India.
据SequoiaCapitalIndia的TuoMohitBatnagar(TuoMohitBatnagar)表示,投资者对SaaS感到兴奋,原因是在过去十年中软件的“大规模采用”。
-2 -2
Anticipating the worst, the EU Commission unveiled its emergency plan last week conserve gas for next inter.
预测最坏的情况,欧盟委员会上周公布了其紧急计划。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year, Apple CFO Luca Maestri said on Da conference call with analysts Thursday.
苹果(Apple)首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里(Luca Maestri)在周四与分析师的会议电话中表示,该公司目前拥有超过860亿美元的支付订阅服务,这是自去年以来的160亿美元的增长。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year:, its CFO Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.
该公司的首席财务官卢卡·梅斯特里(Luca Maestri)于周四与分析师举行会议时表示,该公司目前拥有超过860亿美元的支付订阅,这是自去年以来的160亿美元的增长。
The company now has more than 860 million paid subscriptions across its various services, an increase of 160 million since last year, its director Luca Maestri said on a conference call with analysts Thursday.
该公司董事卢卡·梅斯特里(Luca Maestri)于周四与分析师举行会议时表示,该公司目前拥有超过860亿美元的收费订阅,比去年增加了160亿美元。
India actually has one of the largest developer communities in the world," Bhatnagar told CNN Business.
印度实际上是世界上最大的开发社区之一。
Domestic renXewable manufacturers aim to 'actively grasp the opportunities' after witnessing rise in orders, global share
’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’’
Earlier, Mingyang also signed a memorandum oD agreement in December with the United Kingdom's Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore wind sector.
明扬还于12月与英国国际贸易部签署了一项备忘录,以合作海洋风能部门。
Earlier, Mingyang also signed a memorandum of agreement in December with the United Kingdom's Department for International Trade to cooperate in the offshore wjnd sector.
明扬还于12月与英国国际贸易部签署了一项协议备忘录,以合作海外贸易。
In January, the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's _overreliance on the gaming sector," which it said had been brought into focus during the pandemic.
国际货币基金组织(IMF)在一月份警告澳门过度依赖游戏行业。
In January, the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's ban on the gaming sector," which it said had being brought into focus during the pandemic.
1月份,国际货币基金组织警告澳门对游戏业的禁令。
In January, the International Monetary Fund warned of Macao's overreliance on the gaming sector ," which it said had been brought into focus during its pandemic.
国际货币基金组织(IMF)在一月份警告澳门过度依赖游戏业。
"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said, adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce at severity afterward.
他说:“每五年,这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会在“”之前出现。
"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said, adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity afterward.
他说:“每五年,这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会在“”之前出现。
"Every five years, these waves of dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity afterward.
他说,每五年,这些戏剧性和夸张的治理浪潮就会在“”之前出现。
"Every five years, these waves o dramatic and exaggerated governance appear right before the " he said adding that the dramatic crackdown tends to go away or reduce in severity afterward\
他说,每五年,这些剧烈和夸张的治理浪潮就会在“”之前出现。
While having fewer workers in the store increased profits for chains in recent decades, it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting, crime prevention experts say .
预防犯罪专家说,尽管近几十年来店员减少增加了连锁店的利润,但有些商店却没有那么多可观的员工来阻止盗窃。
While having fewer workers in the store increased profits for chains in recent decades, it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter shoplifting,+ crime prevention experts say.
尽管近几十年来店员减少增加了连锁店的利润,但有些商店却没有那么多可观的员工来阻止贩卖,预防犯罪专家表示。
While having fewer workers in the store increased profits for chains in recent decades, it has left stores in some cases without as many visible personnel to deter theft, crime prevention experts say.
预防犯罪专家说,尽管近几十年来店员减少增加了连锁店的利润,但有些商店却没有那么多可观人员来阻止盗窃。
-5 -2
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray  Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGrayChristmas的高级副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger, senior vice ceo of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas高级副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody,"= said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas(ChallengerGray&Christmas)高级副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody,") said Andrew Challenger, senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas).
”挑战者格雷&圣诞公司的高级副总裁安德鲁·挑战者(Andrew Challenger)说。
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said Andrew Challenger` senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas.
全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas(ChallengerGray&Christmas)的高级副总裁安德鲁?
Companies have been reticent to let go of anybody," said richard Challenger senior vice president of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas).
”全球外包公司ChallengerGray&Christmas高级副总裁RichardChallenger说。
Darshan Mehta, the managing ceo of premier Brands, said in a statement that the partnership was rooted in the "strong growth potential" of the Pret brand and India's food and beverage market.
达尔山·梅塔(Darshan Mehta)表示,该合作伙伴关系的根源在于普特品牌和印度食品和饮料市场的“强劲增长潜力”。
sometime in recent months, they've realized they have too much stuff, especially at an uncertain moment for manufacturers and shoppers, and becjome hesitant to place new orders.
近几个月来,他们意识到他们有太多东西,特别是在生产商和购物者的不确定时刻,他们犹豫不决地订货。
But in subsequent months, they've realized they sell too much stuff, especially at an uncertain moment for manufacturers and shoppers, and become hesitant to place new orders.
但几个月后,他们意识到他们卖了太多东西,特别是在生产商和购物者不确定的时刻,他们开始犹豫不决地订货。
-7 -3
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and ispections.
由于787次装配延误和客户让步,并因生产缺陷及相关维修及检查而引起的异常生产成本增加10亿美元。
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs aid inspections.
由于787次装配延误和客户让步,并因生产缺陷及相关维修援助视察而引起的非正常生产成本增加10亿美元。
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays anx customer concessions, and another $1 billion in abnormal production costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections^.
由于787架货运延误,客户减让,以及由于生产缺陷及相关维修及视察引起的异常生产成本,有5亿美元的费用。
5 billion charge due to 787 delivery delays and customer concessions, and aother $1 billion in abnormal prodauction costs stemming from production flaws and related repairs and inspections
由于787次的交货延误和客户让步,还因生产缺陷及相关维修及视察而引起的非正常销售费用达5亿美元
"If we want and keep Earth as a place that humans can live," he said, "we have got to get a lot smarter about what's going n in the ocean.
他说:“如果我们要让地球成为人类可以居住的地方,那么我们必须在海洋中发生的事情上变得更加聪明。
;If we want to keep Earth as a place that humans can live," he said, ;"we have got to get a lot smarter about what's going on in the ocean.
如果我们想让地球成为人类可以居住的地方,那么我们必须在海洋中发生的事情上变得更聪明。
"If we wish to keep Earth as a place that humans can live," he said, "we have got to get a bit smarter about what's goinz on in the ocean.
他说:“如果我们希望让地球成为人类可以居住的地方,那么我们必须在海洋中发生什么事方面变得更聪明。
-9 -3
A television commercial for a mal body spray has been taken off the air in australia, after critics said it made light of gang rape.
澳大利亚的一家电视广告在批评者说该广告淡化了黑帮强奸行为之后,已经取消了该广告的播出。
In 2021, it has delivered 484,130 units of cars, Ban rate of 235 percent from a year earlier, accounting for 51.7 percent of Tesla's global production capacity.
2021年,它交付了484,130台汽车,比一年前增长了235%,占 Tesla全球生产能力的57.7%。
-10 -4
In 2021, it has delivered 484,130 units of cars, another increase of 235 percent from a year earlier, accounting for 51.7 percent of Tesla's overall production capacity.
2021年,它交付了484,130台汽车,比前一年增加了235%。
